Why hello everybody.
Welcome to the podcast.
This episode is brought to you by stamps.com stamps.com is a way for you to cut
out all the nonsense of having to go to the post office to send packages.
It's a simple,
easy way where you can use your PC or a Mac and turn it into your own personal
post office that never closes.
You can buy and print official US postage for any letter or package using your
computer and printer.
Then just hand your mail to the post man or drop it in a mailbox and you're
done.
You never have to go to the post office again.
You can do the whole thing drunk and naked.
No one can stop you.
This is one of the magical things about the wonders of the Internet.
I use stamps.com Brian,
use stamps.com to send out all those death squad tee shirts,
those kittycat tee shirts that he makes her desk squad.tv all from stamps.com
Christina Palicki and Tom Seger,
our pals use stamps.com so does our pal.
Bert Kreischer.
It's an excellent way to send things and right now if you use my Promo Code j r
e for this special offer,
you get a no risk trial plus $110 bonus offer,
which includes a digital scale,
which calculates exact postage for letters and packages and up to $55 of three
postage.
So do not wait.
Go to stamps.com and before you do anything else,
click on the microphone@thetopofthehomepageandtypeinjrethatstamps.com enter j r
e d get your $110 bonus offer.
Oh,
sweet baby Jesus.
We're also brought to you by legal zoom.
Legal Zoom is another way where you can do things online that you would
ordinarily have to go through.
The annoyance of leaving your domiciles and traveling to a far off land where
you're going to have to talk to someone,
pay them a shitload of money,
make an appointment,
do it by the way,
between the hours of eight and five because that's when the office is open.
Oh,
legit egg.
The jewelry airiness of it'll all of it can be avoided with legal zoom.
With legal zoom,
you can do all sorts of stuff like form an LLC form a corporation,
trademarks,
real estate documents,
power of attorney.
You can get personalized wills,
all that stuff you can do online with legal zoom,
you can even get divorced.
Good luck with that shit though.
Right?
How often is that like amicable worry?
Look here,
you fill out this form.
I felt that we're good.
No,
no.
Everybody wants,
they want you to suffer.
That's the problem with laws.
That's the problem is there's good things about laws and bad things.
There's a Yin and the Yang to this world,
ladies and gentlemen,
and the older you get,
the more you realize that.
For special savings,
be sure to enter Rogan in the referral box at checkout.
Legal Zoom was developed by top attorneys to provide self help services at your
specific direction,
but they are not a law firm.
Okay.
Legal help is furnished through vetted independent attorneys.
It's one of the things that's important.
They will connect you with a third party attorney.
If you're in the middle of filling all that stuff out and you run into a sheer
panic,
you're like,
oh my God,
I'm going to fucking jail.
No,
you will not go to jail.
Legal Zoom will connect you with an independent attorney that will say,
hey man,
you fill out this shit totally wrong.
Is there something wrong with your brain?
And then they'll help you cause that's what they're there for.
Legal zoom.com for special savings at checkout.
Be sure to enter the code word Rogan in the referral box.
Legal Zoom has an a plus with the better business bureau.
Ladies and gentlemen,
they've been around a long time and they've helped a shit ton of Americans with
all sorts of legal stuff that they would ordinarily have had to go to an
attorney and spend a lot of money doing.
Save some money,
save some hassle.
legalzoom.com make sure when you do it,
you use the codeword Rogan.
Oh yeah.
We're also brought to you by [inaudible] dot com this is the last commercial
hang in there.
You're almost there.
O n n I t what is on it on it is a human optimization website.
What we sell is the very best strength and conditioning equipment we can get our
hands on.
We sell the best fitness DVDs we can get our hands on.
We sell,
we even sell antibacterial,
natural soap.
Okay.
Defense soap.
One of the things you find out if you get into martial arts,
especially Jujitsu as you get a lot of funky skin things going on,
like ringworm and there's staph infections and shit that people get and one of
the ways that your body becomes more susceptible to these things is an absence
of healthy flora.
And that comes from,
you can get that from probiotics.
If you are of the vegetarian inclination,
you can actually get probiotics through Sauerkraut.
A raw sauerkraut is actually very healthy for you and probiotic.
Um,
if you eat milk,
uh,
acidophilus is an excellent source of,
um,
of uh,
probiotics.
Um,
Kombucha is my favorite Kombucha tea.
It's easy to,
I liked the way it taste.
Some people don't like it,
but I think it's delicious.
It's like a soda that's not sweet.
Like a guilt free soda that's healthy,
it tastes good and it takes care of your body.
Um,
but one of the things that people make a mistake of is when they have any sort
of a skin thing,
they use antibacterial soap that contains chemicals will,
all that does is it kills all the stuff that's on your skin.
The good flora as well.
There's healthy bacteria.
Your body's in a constant state of balance.
That's why if you ever take antibiotics,
one of the most important things to do is also when you're,
when you get done taking the antibiotics to sort of replenish your system,
you're supposed to take probiotics,
you're so you're reintroducing healthy bacteria to your gut.
Well that healthy bacteria is also on your skin.
Defense soap is a way to the healthy bacteria on your skin and it does.
So with natural oils,
tea tree oil,
eucalyptus oil,
it smells good.
It's good for your skin.
It doesn't kill any of the healthy bacteria.
It just sort of gives you a healthy environment for good bacteria to grow and
discourages all that funk.
So we sell that shit and on at.com we also sell the best kettle bells we can
buy.
We sell strength and conditioning equipment in the form of battle ropes,
steel maces,
steel clubs,
ab wheels,
medicine balls,
all that kind of groovy shit and the highest level supplements that we can get
our hands on as far as cognitive supplements,
Alpha brain,
which is um,
this the premiere nootropic supplement that I've ever used.
It's also got a double blind clinical trial.
Uh,
the results are all printed and available online at [inaudible] dot com and
another double blind placebo controlled clinical trial is ongoing right now,
a much larger one to prove the efficacy of Alpha brain,
but the individual ingredients have actually already been proven.
All the research is available at [inaudible] dot com if you go there,
you're curious about any of this stuff.
One of the things to think about,
about with on it is that we offer a 100% money back guarantee on the first 30
pills.
You have 90 days and if you don't like it,
you don't even have to return the bottle to say it doesn't work.
You get your money back.
What we're trying to do is introduce you to stuff that I use that my friend
Aubrey uses that all my friends that have enjoyed Alpha brain and all my friends
that are into supplements and vitamins and understand the efficacy of these
things and understand like what's the benefits of supplementation as along with
the benefits of healthy diet.
It's one of the things that you keep hearing about in the news all the time.
People say all your needs are healthy diet sort of.
You know,
you just want to stay alive.
Yeah,
all he needs a healthy diet.
But if you want to optimize your life,
optimize your life,
why does that look,
let me know.
Optimize your body.
Um,
supplementation does work.
It's in,
you know,
the idea that there's no science behind it is pretty ludicrous cause it's all
science based.
It comes from science.
These things aren't discovered in a cave somewhere by a guy who's like a quote
unquote explorer.
All right,
these things are all been synthesized,
either synthesize or extracted.
All all this stuff is because of science and the research is all up and
available at [inaudible] Dot com that's o.
N.
I.
T.
If you use the Codeword Rogan,
you will save 10% off any and all supplements.
All Right,
ladies and gentlemen,
why fuck around young Jamie Cube's music
experience?
Try my day.
Joe Rogan podcast
all day
today.
Cj World Lemon will definitely ruffled some feathers.
Ladies and gentlemen,
if you were of the religious inclination,
if you are ultra sensitive,
if you have a problem with seeing Uncle Sam crucified on the cover
of a book,
it says crucifying America and on top of it,
he's not even a fucking American.
When you hear him talk,
you're going to go,
hey pal,
you're not even from here.
What's going on?
Why are you shitting on us?
What about your,
your country man?
Um,
thanks for joining me man.
I appreciate it.
Thanks Jeff.
Thanks having me on,
Mike,
please.
I appreciate it.
Um,
I watched a very fascinating interview today or conversation that you had today
about the religious right and how much hate do you get on a daily basis?
Cause like you're,
you're going hard here man.
You got,
you got Uncle Sam Crucified on your book.
I mean,
my,
I always told people that when they asked me,
where do you leave?
I always say southern California and I never give the exact address because,
uh,
there is a fat wire pulled out on me.
Actually the,
and no joke,
the Westboro Baptist Church,
which we all know very well when my first book was released in o nine,
uh,
the title is God hates you,
hate him back.
They sorta title without understanding what the content of the book was.
An unfortunate I must have been on their side and therefore to,
hey,
we've got somebody who's written a book in Pro Avow our mission.
Uh,
once I took a look at my book,
they realize how off base that was and I was attacking them for some of their
beliefs.
And uh,
uh,
Fred Phillips actually issued a public fatwa to have me killed.
So I want to leave my addresses southern California because I do have kids,
but he's dead.
Right.
Does that fat,
why I have any,
any teeth?
I Dunno.
Do you inherit a fat worthy?
We'll do.
It's a good question too.
It's just to get passed down on those show.
Well,
whatever happened to Solomon and t like he's around now.
Yeah.
He's,
he's now out in the open.
I think that maybe people who want other people did,
particularly literally literal people is they have short memories.
Well,
he was a,
that was a weird one,
man.
He wrote a book that,
that people had interpreted as being about the Prophet Muhammad.
But it wasn't necessarily right.
No,
it's more about the poetry which was written,
you know,
on a,
on a segment of Islam.
And it wasn't actually taking scripture from the core and itself.
So I mean,
what he,
uh,
wrote would be very mild in say comparison to a South Park episode where the
Prophet Muhammad is dressed up like a bear.
Islam is a very fascinating religion to me in so many different ways.
But it's also fascinating in that liberals have,
for whatever reason,
chosen that as being the one to defend in some weird sort of a way.
Like anytime someone criticizes Islam,
they become Islamophobic.
But you will never hear like certain segments of the progressive population shit
on someone who is criticizing Christianity.
You don't become a Christian of phobe.
That's,
I mean,
you've hit on a very important point here.
The problem,
I mean,
Chris Hedges wrote a great book called the death of Liberalism in America.
The liberal class no longer exist in America.
It has no voice.
And to underscore that point,
Hillary Clinton's popularity,
Hillary Clinton doesn't,
she doesn't stand at fair populous.
Economic,
social doesn't stand for progressive clauses that she's causes.
She's a brand.
And a brand only said a liberal class has been left to be the political police
force for,
you know,
PC correctness.
And that's it.
So,
whilst you know,
you have Democrats in office who are,
who are attacking liberalism,
things like the welfare state,
um,
free trade and so forth.
You had president Clinton who'd gutted the unions,
destroyed welfare and implement a Nafta,
which outsourced 800,000 jobs abroad.
Um,
you're,
you're left with a liberal class at all.
I do is a eight wine and cheese or you know,
wines and cheeses and pick up people who were saying the wrong things
politically.
So,
so,
uh,
you know,
I have a problem with political correctness.
Yeah.
Pick on people who are saying the wrong things.
You know,
that's,
that's the big one.
Saying the wrong things,
not actions,
not picking on people in the,
the Islamic phobic one.
That to me is a weird one man.
Like if you're going to be scared of any religion,
in my opinion,
it might eat,
you might have a good,
it's a good one to pick.
Islam is a good one when they're the number one suicide bombers,
the number one people that are the things that they're doing to women and
Islamic countries.
The things that you're seeing in the news.
On a daily basis that are from predominantly Islamic countries.
If you're gonna be scared of a religion,
that seems to be a good one.
Yeah.
But my point is that that's happening over there.
If we're going to worry about what's happening here,
you're far more likely to be cooled by a right wing terrorists and you are
buying Islamic terrorists.
Since 1990 there's been 345 Americans killed a by American Muslims,
whereas it's only been 20 Americans killed by a Muslim Americans.
You can't count the nine 11 to attack us as Muslim Americans because they're
external.
I have a foreign fighters fighting for a phone call,
so I,
that's why I think the most dangerous threat to American democracy in our
secular values is not,
he's allowed facism.
It really is.
You know,
there's Christian theological whack jobs that represent what is the tea party,
which is really a pro to a fascist movement
in this country and this country.
Country.
Yeah.
In this country.
Yes.
You definitely need less likely to be attacked by an Islamic terrorists.
Yeah.
That's because America is doing its job and keeping us safe.
Over here,
we fight over layer so we can keep you safe over,
I mean,
I'm not exactly sure if that is a a zero sum game.
I'm not,
I'm not sure how that is working or if it's working or if it's just some massive
debt that we're going to have to come back and pay.
Sort of like the housing crisis,
you know?
I mean it kind of seems like it doesn't it?
Well,
it,
it's blowback.
I mean,
we've met all in,
we've meddled in the Middle Eastern fairs for so long and we wonder why she had
happens.
I mean,
you know,
if you listened to the conservatives,
they'll say that,
you know,
they want to attack us for our freedoms.
I want to attack us because we like drinking beer or watching porn on the
Internet.
You know,
they have a very,
very specific agenda.
I hate the fact that we have our fucking military bases in the middle of the
Holy Land.
I hide the fact that we're not willing to operate in a bipartisan manner to
solve with the Israeli Palestinian situation.
And,
uh,
so that's why they're angry.
You know,
it's nothing to do really
with religion.
And if you actually look at uh,
all terrorists attacks over the world,
95% of all suicide bombs,
a bombing attacks had been committed against occupying forces rather than being
in religiously motivated event.
So religiously motivated in that they have inspired these people to attack well
blow themselves up with,
with religion.
Good point.
What it is,
you got the power structure wherever.
That's,
you know,
if you go all the way back to some had been loud and could say here's the top of
our Qaeda,
they have very,
very specific political objectives.
Obviously the fundamentalist Islamic,
you know,
lowest common denominator in society who's starving and doesn't have a job,
has no future.
They're the ones that are recruited to carry out the dates,
but there's certainly a very rather politically motivated rather and religiously
motivated.
Yeah.
I would assume that if you are living in a country and you have a giant,
huge empire that is invaded,
not just your country but hundred different countries,
we have military bases and more than a hundred different countries all over the
world.
I would,
I would feel like you would want to resist that.
Like that would naturally be something that people would be,
you know,
resisting.
Imagine of JFK airport was a Saudi national airport and it flying the fighter
jets in and out there and doing loops of New York City all day long.
Yeah.
Well man,
you've got guys in the south and the confederate states would love the blog,
the capital because there's a black man in the White House.
Imagine if there was an input well up til you would see Jay,
would you fancy accent?
You tell me how else are we going to keep America safe to try this point?
How can you,
I mean that,
that is the big question.
Like say what?
I mean,
I don't know what the real number is,
but it's more than a hundred more than a hundred military bases and more than a
hundred different countries all over the world.
Yeah.
Like people talk about the Roman Empire.
Rome doesn't have shit on America.
It's a joke.
It's like not even close.
Like,
this is the craziest Ambar fucking is con fuck.
All those audit other people,
those amateurs that came before us.
This is the nuttiest empire that's ever existed.
How could you ever pull,
how do you pull that back?
What?
Like look what's going on in Iraq right now.
There's this void that is being filled now buy these,
these jihadists,
once we're pulling out the American troops and the Iraqis are being inundated
with these various terrorist groups,
this isis organization,
and it's scary stuff.
When you see what happens when the,
the predominant power military power in the area pulls out and then it's left
this vacuum in this power struggle.
What,
what is the solution?
Well,
you first have to look back at the,
the root cause of it all.
And the root cause was we drew up fictitious way.
The West,
not just theU ,
but way the West draw me buddy.
I wasn't involved pretty late.
So we drew up fictitious borders and we said here,
uh,
basically you said the three different people,
you know,
the Kurds,
as soon
as the she has,
here's a country we're going to draw the board.
He's now,
the board is now coexist and get along and Kumbaya.
Um,
what happens,
of course it's um,
those three,
you know,
three different sectarian sex can't get along.
So you needed a hard man,
a dictator to keep the people suppressed and controls.
So it get leaves internal strife out,
remove him like we did and then not replace it with a suitable alternative
leaves is massive power vacuum.
And that's why we have the situation where we are today.
We have all that civil war.
Um,
so as the solution,
do you continue having a,
uh,
a hard line dictator like Saddam Hussein,
which was,
you know,
obviously,
a brutal,
oppressive a guy or do you just withdraw?
Obviously there has to be a midpoint where we,
it has to be political social solution and that's the only way out of this.
A political solution.
No,
but how,
how do you organize a political solution when you're faced with these
overwhelming numbers of jihadists and people blowing themselves up and soon
these verses that she has is the whole,
the whole place is just overrun with turmoil.
I mean,
how does that ever become a political solution?
That seems like a,
just a,
a phrase that you can use.
We need a political solution,
but what does that really mean?
Might a political solution.
I mean,
the only way forward,
the only answer this is you draw a rock up into three different countries,
but America will never allow that because you'll end up with the Kurds having
being a proxy state to Turkey,
we will end up being the Shia majority in the south,
being a proxy state of Iran.
Saudi Arabia will never allow allow that because they're our ally ran,
which is our natural ally for the wrong reasons.
But the alley or a natural ally,
um,
well the u s will never allow that Ala.
So the workable solution,
it's three different states,
but America is never gonna allow that to happen.
So
this is a massive shits tall.
She shits though.
Did you see the recent interview with Dick Cheney where he said that his number
one regret was that he didn't invade Iran at the same time as Iraq plays?
Mother,
father is made at a pure evil.
They need a scrape that guy and put him in a test tube and find out he might not
even be human.
I know how he,
I think he's Po,
you know,
see if he said he's a demon when he didn't have a heartbeat.
Remember that when he had that fake heart in a artificial heart that was keeping
him from having a heartbeat,
he had no pulse.
Isn't that in the Bible somewhere?
I mean,
I,
I guarantee you there's a religious text somewhere about a war monger.
Someone who brings death and destruction through the land.
He has no pulse.
His heartbeat,
if not,
I mean that was like ally bank guy who differed from the Vietnam War and it was
never times five times,
five times.
It was never drafted,
figured out a way to weasel his way out of the system,
got to a position where he runs a company that what they profit off of is
rebuilding things that the military blows up.
They get these giant corporate giant contracts to places that the United States
military blows up.
And then he becomes the vice fucking president of the United States and starts
blowing shit up and then they start making money and he starts making money from
the company that he used to be a part of pure evil.
It's unbelievable.
And this is something I write about a lot,
is you know,
America,
what America is today as a corporate totalitarian state,
and how the difference is a great book by a,
you know,
democracy and cooperated by Sheldon Wallen who was a Harvard or I think might
still be a Harvard professor.
And he says in the classical touch,
hell attarian state something like Nazi Germany or style on this Russia,
you have a charismatic figure at the top.
And it's where it,
in a classical totalitarian state,
it's where politics trumps economics in inverted totalitarianism.
Like we have United States economics,
Trump's politics.
Now,
everything has been sold to the highest bidder in this country.
So corporations run anything.
And you've touched on such a good point with Halliburton,
Jeremy Scahill,
uh,
you know,
for if dirty wars and so forth.
I'm a huge fan of,
he spoken a length how at the height of our occupation in Afghanistan,
we had a total of 250,000 men on the ground in Afghanistan.
Only something like 45,000 Americans,
45% of that footprint,
uh,
was,
actual American military force.
The rest,
uh,
corporate,
um,
contractors,
whether it's for food delivery,
where it's around supplying medical or whatever,
or infrastructure rebuilding.
So when you have corporations who profit from war and you'll have a political
class in Washington who only is totally a 100% beholden to these corporations,
we now live in a,
in a,
in a country where wars are obese,
you know,
it was a for profit.
That's how,
and we'll make our decisions based on what's profitable and not in the interest
of national security or the American population.
The wars are for profit.
And also the wars become a business that you can't,
it can't just end.
It can't just end that business because then you take people out of work.
I've heard that argued about the war on drugs.
It's one of the best arguments about the reason why there's so many lobbyists
against legalizing marijuana.
When you look at the actual health risks of marijuana being so minimal and the
actual medical benefits that you have for people that have cancer and aids,
I'm like,
there's so many different ways you can use it.
Like the idea that this isn't something that someone's decided to like,
Hey,
well we can use this for people and people can benefit.
Why isn't it?
Well,
one of the big ones is because there's a whole business in arresting people in
prison.
People making sure that prison guards stay working,
making sure that prison stay filled,
making sure that it's sheriffs,
that they need a certain amount of sheriffs and need a certain amount of
deputies.
Like there's a whole business behind that and people have to recognize that when
you change a law,
sort of just like what's going on in Iraq right now with is this giant void when
we pulled out of Iraq,
if you just cut the ties on all these laws and say,
look,
this is all legal now,
all you guys that we're arresting people for all this shit,
you're going to have to find some new shit to do.
Like there's going to be a mad scramble and they're going to have to figure out
some new way to profit.
Well that's the situation that we're in right now with war.
The mount of money that's coming in from war is staggering.
The percentage of our economy that's dedicated just to war is substantial.
It's far greater than many,
many other things that would be very important.
Inner city restoration,
you know,
education,
public education,
I mean the amount of money that's being spent on tanks and missiles and fucking
just feeding troops and sending people over there.
And then contractors like how Halliburton that are fix this,
the just amazing amounts of money that's flowing back and forth.
And to cut that off,
it's like you've got so much momentum and entropy.
It's like what?
What do you,
how do you stop that?
Well,
I mean,
you're just talking about your talk about the incarceration problem or a prison
problem is country.
Again,
that's a not a part of the corporate totalitarian state.
Now you take a poor person,
a poor black dry on the streets.
What is he worth to the corporations?
He has no money.
He's not going to spend his money at Walmart or Macy's or whatever.
He has nothing but put that that poor black minority person into a prison.
All of a sudden these,
these private prison organizations will make $50,000 per year out of taxpayer
money for him being in prison for a nonviolent crime.
So when we're trying to dismantle a and,
and find solutions you've,
you've got,
that's the kind of headwinds that you're running against.
This too much influenced the corporations of the political structure.
We can have these conversations all day,
right?
Yeah.
But what,
what,
what possible solutions can be offered CJ world,
man,
if you were the president of United States,
he can't be in more people.
You,
you got a weird accident.
It was good enough around the Watson to get for California.
It's probably good enough for our Swartz Nigga.
Boy,
he fucked his made it'd be the president.
She wasn't even hot.
God Damn,
he's an animal.
He's just one of those guys.
Does the check around and they'll fucker,
I think if,
if you had,
you know,
if you had a position where they said,
look man,
you seem like a reasonable guy written some great books,
run this thing.
Well,
I mean,
the solution for America and uh,
and it stops me from getting booked on a lot of shows is the solution is
socialism.
I mean,
you said he just can't bad word.
Yeah.
Fuck you try and take everybody's money.
And it's slightly
envy of the rich and so that sort of stuff.
But you know,
Americans,
I,
you know,
nowhere in the West Western
world is the socialism or the ucs would more,
um,
uh,
you know,
associated with demagoguery.
Then here,
I mean,
you'd say socialism and American finks of style in this rush or he's Germany.
When I hear the word socialism,
I think if the country,
I'm from Australia,
I think of Canada to a lesser extent,
and I think of all of western Europe.
Socialism doesn't mean the absence of cap capitalism.
It means where,
you know,
basic human rights are catered for in a structure which is Pintful by the rich
and the corporations.
What we have in America is,
you know,
you've got corporations paying the lowest tax contribution to the federal
government.
In US history.
Republicans will defend NCR,
but our corporate tax rate is 35% it is that on paper,
the effective rate after of all the loopholes,
after all the deductions,
all the loopholes we've actually been written in Washington by these pro
corporate lobbyists,
the effective rate is 12% which makes it the lowest amongst all our weed seed
eight countries.
And that's the reason why America doesn't have nice things like bridges thing.
Like that's why we can't have nice things like you know,
high speed rail.
I mean,
you know,
you look America today,
it looks like a third world country.
I've spent 10 years of my life in Indonesia the last 10 years before I moved
here.
America basically it looks like Bangladesh with white people,
you know,
and it really does,
nothing works but a high schools are falling apart.
Our WRAL is running off its track.
So bridges are collapsing into water below them.
Not One us city is ranked in the top 20 most livable cities in the world.
Not One USA.
A port is ranked in the top 100 airports in the world.
And that's because we are true.
Yeah,
it's true.
And it's because we have no,
we've starved the federal government,
the revenue it needs to build a happy society.
You know,
a happy society.
You go to Europe and I'm always staggered by my hardcore conservative friends or
debates I have on,
in,
online or in interviews on radio panels and so forth.
And you know,
I hear conservatives come back from Europe,
get God,
I had a lovely holiday.
It's so nice.
You just see no poverty.
The public transport work,
you know,
works like,
you can set your watch to it.
Um,
you know,
and uh,
and you get,
we will,
you know,
you wonder why because they have a state where corporations are paying their
fair share in Germany,
which hit the economic hard times at the same time we did in Hawaii.
They're economy is booming because they have a good blend of social democracy
and capitalism.
They made a law in Germany where fee,
if you have a company of more than 50 employees,
at least 50% of your board must be represented by the working for us.
So the working force,
50% of your board must be elected by 50% of the labor force in that company.
Oh,
okay.
So the,
the folks that work within whatever you make,
the along the line,
they have a vote.
So half of them have to be elected by those people.
So they have to represent the needs and wants of the people that work for that
company.
Exactly.
That's fascinating.
You know,
and,
and Germany's booming.
It hasn't Staffold Germany's Burp,
but the opposite of the,
the American white at the moment is,
is still trickle down economics.
And you look at Kansas,
Kansas,
which is basic laboratory for tea party,
hardcore conservative thinking,
they put the most aggressive tax cuts on the rich that we've seen in the last 20
or 30 years total Reaganomics in 2010 now I've got a $348 million budget,
you know,
a blowout.
Um,
and now,
now they can have to cut education and services to deport and safety wealth net
net because he got his budget hall that they can't explain now I'll tell you
that.
You're fucking explain it.
You're just took a massive cuts to the rich and corporations and nothing comes
back for it.
Well there,
there is definitely a real problem in America with when you were talking about
the paying a small
amount of taxes and then you look at the infrastructure,
the infrastructures,
there's some shaky spots in this country.
Especially like New York City,
that Brooklyn Bridge just had a giant collapse recently.
You see that?
Yeah.
There's some big chunk of it just fell down like,
yeah,
you got to fix that fucking thing man.
Like how much,
where's all that money going?
Especially when you consider like in New York they,
they have to pay tolls everywhere.
Like every time you go somewhere,
what is,
what's the,
what is it like seven bucks or nine bucks?
I think we looked up as like seven 50,
seven $57 and 50 cents.
I mean that's,
that's lunch somewhere.
And when we got to pay that every time you drive across a spot
and you and I have to pay for that,
or the people in the middle class in New Jersey,
you have to pay for it.
And that's because the wealthy pioneer share of taxes in that state.
So the middle class,
the ones that get lumped into the tax bill,
isn't it fascinating that when you start talking about this kind of stuff,
we started talking about socialism,
that the rich pay,
their share,
the big resistance seems to come from a lot of poor conservative people.
When the big resistance is socialism comes from these people that,
I don't know if it's like they have this idea in their hand that one day they're
going to be prosperous.
So they don't want you muck it up for their chances.
But I found this quite fascinating that like one of the big resistances to the
ideas of communism or the ideas of socialism,
and these are just ideas,
just bringing them up.
But a knee jerk reaction comes from the lower middle class or middle class
conservative folks.
Yeah,
I mean,
what John Steinbeck,
uh,
you know,
I said it best.
He said,
you know,
Americans that temporarily embarrassed millionaires,
whiting
one in this country thinks,
again,
if you're rich,
you know,
that's the thing,
that's that individual rugged Islam,
which Americans believe in it.
And it's very hard to break that.
You've got the working class in these red belt states,
uh,
which are voting for a Po for party,
which exclusively is only benefiting hitting the top 1%.
You've got,
I mean,
how does a poor person and say Mississippi or Alabama pull the lever for the
Republican Party who is blocked?
The expansion of Medicaid basically blocked the expansion of universal
healthcare.
One of the biggest predicate is of poverty is your access to healthcare.
If you don't have it,
you're destined for poverty.
And they vote against that only because I said Jesus a few times,
and before they get to the polls and Hallelujah,
you know,
you're just wanting you to self a vote.
I met a lot of folks don't realize that that all started with Reagan.
Reagan change politics in America with his embracing of the religious right and
using them as a political base,
as a base of people that you can guarantee you're going to vote for you if you
start talking.
Jesus.
Yeah,
I mean Reagan morally,
Marlene,
financially bankrupt,
this country.
Not only did he bankrupt this country with trickled down economics fiscally,
but he also bankrupt this country because he taught Americans a whole generation
of Americans.
How the height the pole.
Um,
and that's where we out today.
That's why it's so easy for people in the right to a,
to cut veterans benefits,
cut food stamps
and so forth because it comes down to that Christian,
uh,
you know,
welfare fee,
uh,
our prosperity theology.
Uh,
if you're rich,
even though Jesus was a Marxist before Mark's has had an Marxism,
had a name.
If it Richard means Jesus has bestowed great wealth on you because you're
honorable in New York,
you are pious.
But if you're poor,
it means you must be a sinner.
And if all of the blacks and Hispanics support means Jesus heights and you know,
so it'd be dealing with,
with them.
What about poor white people.
Jesus loves them.
He loves them,
but they still need to fend for themselves because ironically they get their
philosophy from mine.
Rand who is an atheist,
I n ran.
That's a,
that's a hilarious one.
The iron rand one is a really interesting one cause that's,
that's one that the,
the libertarians seem to cling to and the pull 'em up by your bootstraps,
pull themselves up by their bootstraps attitude.
You know,
it's easy to think like iron man.
If you're born into a privileged white neighborhood area,
go,
everyone's got an equal shot.
What are you talking about?
Yeah,
I love Canada and any,
any ideas that anybody has against what you're talking about,
like socialized medicine,
it's not the best in Canada.
Like I have friends that live up there and they say it like they've hurt their
knee and had to wait 10 months to get a surgery and that sucks.
That's not cool.
Yeah.
But they're nice as fuck.
They're educated as fuck.
Education is free.
You get good universities all over the country that are pretty much commensurate
so you don't have this thing.
We have to fly all the way to New York to go to Nyu or go to boulder to go,
you know,
you can go to a neighborhood university and you're going to get an excellent
education.
It's a different sort of an environment up there and that's a problem because
we've,
we've capitalized and privatized the education system to hear such a degree.
I mean if you,
if you've got a degree in Australia where rights Macquarie University or Sydney
University or University of New South Wales,
it's an Mba at one of us schools is exactly same as an NBA.
Then one of our schools here,
you know,
you're not only does an Mbi matter,
but all of a sudden then it has to be from the right school.
So an Mba from Harvard or an Ivy League school is Trump's and NBI from
university of San Diego or something like that.
And that shouldn't be the way and affect what that does.
It still keeps propelling that plutocracy because there was a study done that at
least for every student at Harvard aged children and have,
it has at least one parent owning at least $400,000 per year.
So we,
we're still,
you know,
with the capitalization of everything,
we,
we're forming a system where we have,
you know,
the very wealthy at the top and we have,
everybody's struggling at the bottom that the elite is,
I'm involved in education is really fascinating to me today,
especially because there's so much access to information,
so many books,
so much online,
so much to read and just,
you can get so much access to information that would,
you know,
a long time ago,
the difference between going to Harvard and going to San Diego state was pretty
gigantic.
But what with what you have access to today,
the average person has access to the exact same information that they're
teaching at any school,
anywhere.
But I had a conversation
with a friend of mine and,
uh,
he was wrong about something and I brought up this woman who,
had,
you know,
she had went to the University of Mississippi,
but she went there and this was her major,
like this thing that she,
that we were talking about.
And he goes,
well,
this guy went to Yale,
but he didn't even go to Yale for that.
He went to Yale for something else and he's 80.
Okay.
So he went to Yale and like the 1960s,
who knows what the fuck they were teaching back then?
Like what are you talking about man?
You know,
like,
but the eye,
his first initial reaction was,
look,
she went to the University of Mississippi,
he went to Yale.
I'm like,
oh,
that's hilarious.
But that is the way we think in this country.
It is.
And also not only as a way we think,
but you know,
these kids that are going to wear my tee or Harvard or Yale,
well it's the networks they take with them.
So when the jobs are available,
you know,
the,
the only growth area that we have in this country as a technology jobs.
But that's such an Angela job market where only the networks,
the alumni from these prestigious schools get the really apply from it.
All the kids working at Google,
they all went today's,
you know,
fancy schools.
It could be afforded by the wealthy parents.
Yeah.
That's kind of creepy that,
that the,
the is him a month to education I think is kind of creepy.
And it's also creepy that you wind up having these like skull and bones type
organizations where all these people inside these,
you know,
George Bush.
Yeah.
These fraternities and John Kerry.
You know,
they get into these frat terministic groups,
these,
you know,
very insulated groups and they feed off of each other and they,
they,
they become very nepotistic and they help each other in business and they form
these little teams together.
I,
I founded in,
in sitcoms and sitcoms.
It was fascinating that a lot of the writers had went to Harvard,
they worked for the lampoon and like they would recruit other guys from Harvard
and there was like those were the guys that they wanted a higher as writers.
And I was like,
guys,
really fascinating.
Like you guys all went to this little club together so you,
you know,
you're feeding off each other.
Yeah.
And in the meanwhile I get from the camera and say,
I did it all myself.
I'm self made,
you know,
so
well at this point there is no self made theirs.
We,
one of the things that Obama made a critical blunder with was this whole,
you didn't do that yourself.
You don't feel that.
Yeah.
If you made your own business,
you didn't build that.
I thought it was a huge blunder because instead of celebrating,
you know,
someone who does innovate and create their own business and get out there and do
it.
And he said of,
you know,
saying this is a great thing and more people can do this and more people can
contribute.
Instead he kind of focused on the negative aspect of it.
Instead of saying something along the lines of,
I think it could have been,
look,
I couldn't imagine what the workload of a guy like Obama is.
You know,
how much time does he have to actually consider every chess move that he makes?
Everything that he says,
how it's going to be interpreted,
what's,
you know,
how's it going to be twisted and turned.
But that was a big blunder cause it seemed like an obvious checkmate move.
It was actually that the,
the you didn't build it was taken a little bit out of context because,
uh,
the full,
the full transcript of that,
he mouthed muddled the punch line.
Basically he was channeling Elizabeth Warren who had given a speech earlier on
that and basically saying,
you know,
the universities which taught those kids,
you didn't build that the roads,
which year he taking the truck sign in using transport to deliver your goods to
market.
You didn't build that,
um,
uh,
and the bridges and so forth.
And he met,
he messed up the execution of the point and then it was caught on bicycle in
men.
Every entrepreneur in America.
You didn't build your business.
But that certainly wasn't
it.
Was it?
Yeah.
Even saying it in that fashion saying you didn't make those roads,
you Duh,
Duh.
Everybody knows that man.
You're like,
what?
Why concentrate on that.
Why not say,
but you know,
you did a great thing.
You created your own business.
But in order for that business to prosper,
we need the infrastructure that all of us are contributing to.
We need the educational system that is going to bring up the new workers that
are going to be a part of your company.
We need the,
the roads are going to try.
We need all these things.
We all work together.
You,
you understand that jar and you know,
because you're,
you're literate on politics but limit people like libertarians and it's crazy,
right?
Wing Republicans,
they don't understand that.
They think these bridges and roads and infrastructure comes from Finnair.
They believe that,
you know,
actually the libertarian,
I believe the tax rate should be almost zero,
you know,
and uh,
the corporations will provide everything.
My only problem with taxes is that I feel like most people that are in positions
of government,
like I just,
I just feel like the,
the system that we have currently set up is so inherently flawed that throwing
more money at it is just going to make a larger bureaucracy gonna make more
jobs,
more regulations,
more people and that,
that whole system that sort of feeds off of the money.
Like we were talking about with private prisons or we were talking about with
prison guards and keeping drugs illegal in order to feed this machine.
When you make the,
the business of government larger and larger,
I don't necessarily think that's the best way to fix the problems that we have.
I don't necessarily think that I've had this argument with friends that are very
liberal that we just need higher tax rates and I'm like,
no.
Then you're going to have more government and I don't think more government is
the answer.
I don't think more regulations,
more people,
more things,
more forms.
You have to fill out more people that are in some strange office and more that
have to justify their existence.
I don't necessarily think that's the answer.
I think it has to be some sort of a top down organization,
reorganization of the very structure of this society operates under because
right now it's,
it's this foundation of this unfixable bullshit.
It's just,
it's so flawed that throwing money at it is like putting gum on a breaking dam.
It's like you need more than that.
You need some sort of a comprehensive philosophy designed to reconstruct this
whole situation from the bottom up,
from the top down the hole.
Exactly.
And,
and you know what?
I
would argue that you know,
the way you rebuilt in a car in your economy is ever is the opposite of
interview.
Every conservative politics or economics.
How do you build a call to me,
and this,
I'm not an economist,
but I listened very attentively to people like,
you know,
Robert Reich or Jared Bernstein or Paul Krugman,
guys who are Nobel laureate economist in their own right.
And the pro,
the Roy,
the reason the American economy isn't growing despite the fact that we have
record numbers in Wall Street to spot the fact that the official unemployment
rate is falling,
the unemployment writings is falling,
but not with jobs that pay.
Well,
it's always the service paid jobs and so forth.
What's happening is we're not having shared prosperity.
You know,
we have the minimum wage level,
which is blood and nine in 69 level.
Um,
the middle class income has stagnated and has fallen since 1979.
So while you have corporations today sitting on record $3 trillion profit,
that productivity hasn't been shared with the American worker.
And when it isn't being shared with the American worker,
we live in a consumer economy now,
we no longer make stuff.
Heir economy is basically financial services and military.
So when it comes to financial services,
instead of making products,
we make stuff up.
So if we have a consumer economy and we recognize that,
then the middle class and working class need more.
It needs more to spend.
And the only way you can do it that is your less than the tax burden at the
bottom.
And you increase the tax burden the top.
So consumers have motor spin.
And the other one reason these corporations,
despite their record profits aren't hiring,
is because there's no consumer demand.
What do you say to the argument that that corporations shouldn't have to pay
profits because they're not people?
The idea that they shouldn't have to pay taxes,
that the people in the corporation pay taxes.
So the corporations themselves should not have to pay.
And he said,
that's fine.
That's just absurd.
I mean,
these corporations benefit from our airports,
our bridges,
our roads to transport your name out around networks,
into state highway systems.
Um,
you know,
r and d technology,
you name it.
It's,
um,
but the people that are in the corporation to already do pay taxes.
I'm going all Peter Schiff on you.
Right,
right.
I see where you're going.
The people that are in the,
the corporation is just a group of people.
You have all the group of people all pay taxes.
The idea that the corporation itself,
this unit has to pay taxes on top of that isn't that sort of justifying this
notion that a corporation is a person,
that a corporation is like an individual,
which is one of the things that they've used to justify corporations being able
to contribute g vast sums of money to political campaigns that a corporation
like the supreme court has ruled this.
The corporation can sort of act as an individual in that regard.
I mean we,
we need to move away from that.
That whole line of thinking.
I mean,
this supreme court is basically radicals in robes and you know,
since Reagan,
I mean,
you know,
it's been a conservative dominated court and for the last three decades,
I mean we haven't had a,
a
a liberal judge appointed to the bench since I'm Lbj.
Who?
The guy that's in the supreme
court that said that pedophilia,
that know having sex with a man.
It's just like having sex with him.
No different than having sex with an animal.
Not a lead over the other guy,
the other big fat guy,
Gal.
Yeah.
Scaleio walked off.
Fuck man,
you're a supreme court judge.
It's like he said,
what did he say?
That if a man wants to have sex with a man,
what's to stop him from wanting to have sex with an animal?
Does that next?
That's exactly what I said.
Whoa son.
For Real.
I mean,
you don't think that people are gay.
you don't think that people are born.
I mean,
do you know anybody?
Like,
how could you say,
I mean I've got,
I've got a lot of gay friends and I know that sounds like,
you know,
one of us,
God says like a lot of breakfast,
black friends,
but a good black joke
fit.
I do have a lot of gay friends and uh,
and I've been dig very gay parties and uh,
Oh,
I can tell you straight up that not one of my gay friends and said,
man,
I just pounded some mass and I kind of wanted to,
Pam,
your dog
is the next logical step.
Well,
there's no denying that there are certain people that are fucked up and they do
have sex with them.
But you know,
I was young,
I'm not sure if that's the same.
I don't think that you should be allowed to be a fucking supreme court judge if
those are the sort of connections that you're making.
Might wait.
Lady said,
I mean,
the five conservative judges on the Supreme Court are all Catholics and that's
fine.
I've got no problem with that.
But that means that I see a problem with it.
But the supreme court is the highest court in the land,
but you've basically got five out of the nine representatives on that bench who
appeal to a higher authority,
which is the Vatican and the pope.
So I mean,
you remember when JFK,
I mean you and I probably too young for a definitely too young when JFK was
elected,
but for when JFK,
his campaign in 1960 the biggest issue against him was the fact he was a
Catholic because Americans were worried that he would have to answer to somebody
outside of the United States and while we have that situation today,
but no one seems to want to talk about it.
Yeah.
That is a fascinating thing that at one point in time that was a detriment that
him being a catholic was thought to be like a knock.
Meanwhile,
we almost had a fucking Mormon in the president and no one wanted to talk.
Have Mitt Romney said on my moment is them as off the table and the media went,
oh,
okay,
how the fuck is your Mormonism off the table?
What and why didn't one person,
the media say,
do you still believe that in a,
in the Mormon Heaven,
black people will be your servants?
I mean,
why isn't that a valid question?
You get your own planet and you die.
Yeah.
And do you believe Jesus,
when he given inevitably returns will be to Missouri and you believe that the
American Indians were actually the lost tribe of Israel?
Why didn't anyone ask him that?
Because he said it's off the table.
He believe that Joseph Smith,
who is a fucking con man who found golden tablets at the age of 14 but they
mysteriously disappeared because the angels took them away.
I would have been happy if Joseph Smith was convicted,
convicted for having sex with an animal or stealing something,
but he was convicted for fraud.
The very thing that is trying to do fraud,
American public,
we have,
so
it's really funny that the Mormon Church,
this,
this sect of the Mormon Church that Romney was in involved with was so radical
that they moved to Mexico in the 18 hundreds in order to keep having sex with
multiple women.
They wanted to have multiple brides like you know,
the United States said,
hey look,
you can't marry fucking 20 checks,
cut the shit.
And so they go,
fuck you man.
We're going to Mexico.
And they went to Mexico back when it didn't matter because it didn't matter.
The difference between United States in Mexico before there was cars wasn't that
great.
You know,
Mexico was like Arizona,
just go down there.
It's no big deal.
We'll be in Mexico.
We'll see you over there and want to come visit us,
get on a horse,
you know.
But then all of a sudden at some point in time,
like America became America and Mexico became what it is today.
And like this fucker's are still over there.
People don't realize the Romney Church,
they still,
they're still over there.
Romney's dad was born in Mexico.
That's why he couldn't be a president and no one asked for revenues,
burbs certificate.
I tossed the table.
It's off the table,
my Mormon or something.
And my faith is off the table when my dad was born,
untouchable,
touchable.
Five guys and the Supreme Court Catholic and the head Catholic guy who I like.
I like this new pope.
I think if you wanted to have a pope,
this guy is the best you could hope for because he has a very conservative chair
that he sits in.
He got rid of that crazy throne.
He doesn't drive the pope mobile anymore.
He said,
look at my age,
I have very little to lose or someone wants to take me out here.
I am.
And he also said that he believes that 2% of Catholic
priests are gay or a pedophile,
but he has an interviewed the other 98% yet.
But how crazy is that?
2% are pedophiles.
Right?
Yeah.
Well,
I mean,
I,
you know,
I'm with you.
I actually wrote a piece for salon on the new pope and uh,
uh,
and uh,
that I wasn't my headline,
but the headline salon put was a,
the lesson atheists can look,
the can learn from Pope Francis and uh,
I mean,
he's very progressive.
I like the fact that he's denounced trickle down economics.
He's called at an abject failure.
He's talked about the poverty.
This is inflicted upon all countries around the world.
He's talking about the failure of globalization and so forth.
I,
yeah,
I think,
you know,
we still have to remember that he hasn't,
I denounced,
uh,
you know,
bigotry against guys.
I mean,
he,
you know,
and so forth.
He hasn't,
uh,
and he's still is just starting on their,
their child rape factor.
But yeah,
I mean,
there's certainly good points we've spoken about when it comes to Pope Francis,
certainly better than the,
uh,
the,
the former Nazi who moved pedophiles around to different churches because he
busted him giving head jobs to boys.
He was the worst.
He was the worst ever.
He was the scariest guy ever.
You don't know.
Pope Benedict,
the guy who was before Pope Francis was involved in a case where he moved a
child molester who would actively target deaf kids.
Oh.
And then he moved them and the guy molested a hundred more deaf kids after he
moved him.
I mean this guy was just a Predator is his naval fuck and the,
you know,
the Pope Benedict,
they've kind of cool down off of what,
you know,
what,
what charges people were rallying against him,
but they wanted to charge him with crimes against humanity.
I mean they wanted the Vatican itself is the way the Vatican works is it's its
own state.
Correct.
Like they have their own laws.
It's the last bastion of Fascism in Europe.
They also own a gay bath house and you know that does a gay bath house that's
owned or,
yeah.
That's not bill us carnies bath houses.
Well,
I'll pull it up.
Hold on a second.
Okay.
Gay Bathhouse.
Vatican.
It was a big controversy.
This is back when,
um,
homeboy was still the pope,
right?
Yeah.
The Vatican plays landlords to Europe's biggest gay bath house.
The Catholic Church paid $30 million to acquire a building that houses a senior
card.
No drum roll end.
A huge gay sauna.
This is on your salon.
You done have pictures downloaded day?
No,
but I have that picture.
That guy's awesome.
God,
that was a Ratzinger when he,
um,
when he,
when he used to have that crazy golden throne,
he looked like something run out of the fucking Lord of the rings.
I mean,
he really did.
Right?
We've used conch.
God,
he's so sick looking when an evil,
fuck that guy.
This is another great picture.
I don't know if you've ever seen it of him.
He's sitting there on his crazy thrown and they had these gymnastics guys do
some sort of crazy gymnastics demonstration in front of him with their little
tights on and he's sitting there watching this and I'm like this for all the
shit this guy's accused with.
You would think that he would want to be as far away from young men in tights as
humanly possible is pay a consultant needs to be fired.
Oh,
they're so lost and dark and creepy and trying to adjust for all the years and
years of evil that the Catholic church is committed as.
I,
I what I like about the Catholic Church and where you got to say about it as
Pope Francis as the fact that it shows you exactly how man my age religion is
because I mean Pope Francis is basically coming along and he's trying to adjust
religion to modernity.
So he's basically just miking the rurals off is these guys to adjusted,
you know,
this is like combined via committee.
Yeah.
It's so crazy.
Well,
I mean all of it is that way.
I mean,
the whole reason why they had to bring about this idea of purgatory was because
they were trying to convert these pagans and like,
oh yeah,
well,
you know,
you guys have the land of fate.
We got something like that.
So we have this thing.
Well,
if you're not totally good,
you go to this place and you're in the kind of a waiting room.
Yup.
Simon circumcision.
I mean,
we're not trying to sell a circumcision.
The Jewish five two which was a,
you know,
Christianity was a rebranded in from a Hebrewism that go to the German side.
We got this new religion for you.
The catch is you've got to cut off the tip of your penis in the Romans are like,
Hey,
wait,
wait.
Oh,
what are you talking about?
Rice?
Yeah.
Well it's also the,
the history of all of our major holidays.
I mean,
the reason why Christmas is celebrated during the winter solstice,
that was because it was a pagan holiday and they're like,
what a coincidence.
That's when our baby Jesus born.
No,
no,
he wasn't.
If you pay attention to the Bible,
he was born in the spring.
He wasn't,
it wasn't supposed to be born then.
What are you guys doing?
Your fucking moving around the dates.
You guys are assholes.
Sell it.
It's hard to pay attention to all that old shit in the first place because it's
so difficult to decipher you going from language to language.
And then on top of it,
you've got a bunch of people monkeying with the dates to try to bring in other
people messing up the whole thing.
Man.
It just shows you like how ridiculous it is.
The idea that someone could have said something in stories and songs for a
thousand years before they ever figured out how to write.
And then they started writing things down and then they translated it from one
language to another back and forth,
back and forth.
But it's still a hundred percent correct.
And definitely the word of God.
And you mean,
you know,
uh,
and the,
the,
the Americas in most western Christian nation on the world.
And you know,
something like 85% of Americans have no idea of that historical context of the
Bible,
how it came from Greek and how it was translated by scribes,
you know,
uh,
and,
and so forth in these were stories told in the oral tradition and where to
Gospel's came from and who they were,
who they were,
which we don't know.
We Americans just think that,
you know,
the Bible came down in perfect form from a,
fell from the sky and then,
and that was it.
Yeah.
Came from Jesus.
And it's a lot of it,
it's about gay folk,
about gay folk and their desire to have sex with animals as well.
Keep it away from the children.
Yeah.
We got a strange world we live in,
man.
We got to a real strange world we live in when it comes to religion because
they,
the,
they focus on certain aspects of the Bible,
but ignore some of the most ridiculous ones.
Like you're not supposed to wear two different types of cloth together.
Like there's,
you're not supposed to eat shellfish,
eat shellfish.
You're going to hell.
Do you know that?
Yeah.
You can't go to red lobster,
man.
You're going to go to hell.
You can't have,
you can't go to the oyster bar.
You're going to rot in a fucking cave somewhere at a red lobster.
You fuck you fuck the whole play red lobster's just like the den of sodomy.
Terrible place.
And matter of fact,
it's more hated in the Bible.
It's brought up more often.
Well,
it's funny.
Was there a bonded group study which showed,
uh,
talked about,
biblical illiteracy in America and a 25% of Americans believe that Joan of arc
was now his wife.
And a 40% of Americans believe Sodom and Gomorrah were a married couple.
Oh God.
That's hilarious.
But that also,
you know,
I am a little too often.
Well,
there's so few people that actually pay attention to the things that are in the
Bible.
Like I have a friend who was pretty religious and he has a religious tattoo.
And I'm like,
dude,
do you,
you got to read the whole book.
You can't,
you're not supposed to wear a tattoo.
And I'm supposed to have tattoos,
especially not religious tattoos,
having a religious sad too.
If God does come back,
he's going to be like,
man,
you fucking miss the point.
Totally.
Yep.
It's on the same level as homosexuality.
Yeah.
All right.
So
yeah,
it's not,
you're not supposed to get tattooed son.
Okay.
You're fucking this whole thing up.
Have you ever read or heard of the sacred mushroom and the cross?
Now the oldest of the Bible is the Dead Sea Scrolls.
And there was a guy named John Marco Allegro who is a,
um,
uh,
forget where he went to school.
Cambridge or Yale,
whatever it was.
He was a well respected scholar and he was one of the members that was
deciphering the Dead Sea Scrolls.
Right.
And he was the only one out of the whole group that was an agnostic.
And it was because he was an ordained minister.
But during his studies of a,
of a religion,
he realized that it's kind of kind of horse shit.
So he became agnostic,
but he was,
because he was an ordained minister who still allowed to be on this wasn't a
vocal agnostic.
Um,
studied the Dead Sea Scrolls for over 14 years,
and it was his conclusion after 14 years of translations that the entire Bible
was a huge misunderstanding.
The Christian religion was a huge misunderstanding and it was really all about
religious ceremonies that were based on the consumption of psychedelic mushrooms
and fertility rituals.
And that these,
all these ancient customs were hidden in parables to,
to cover them up and hide them from the Romans when they were captured and when
they were in prison and killed,
they would hire,
they would,
that they would cover up their ancient traditions of these consumptions of
psychedelic mushrooms and these religious ecstasy that they,
the religious ecstasy they would,
they would achieve from eating these mushrooms.
Yeah.
It was a fascinating,
fascinating book,
I guess that lends to it.
And you go to a site,
you know,
the book of revelation is a,
a,
a cryptology a book too that's written in code to protect it from being
interpreted by the Rymans.
Yeah,
yeah,
yeah.
He went to Oxford.
That's where he went.
Um,
he studied Hebrew dialects and it was a scholar of ancient languages and he,
he wrote this book and it was very quickly bought up by the Catholic Church.
The only way to get this book cause you got to get an old copy of it.
But in the 1970s,
when the book came out was very,
very controversial.
Now a guy named [inaudible] urban has republished it through,
uh,
his family that he got permission to do it.
Fascinating,
fascinating book.
There's also another book that he wrote that he wrote a second book because the
first book I bought out,
the second book was the Dead Sea Scrolls and the Christian myth.
And it was very,
very controversial,
controversial because of the fact that this guy was extremely educated and
agnostic,
very intelligent,
very well respected and rock solid credentials.
Like you couldn't deny the things that he was saying.
It was the people that read his work.
They mean a lot of his is strange.
Conclusions were undeniably bizarre in the context of religion.
Like he traced back the word Christ to an ancient Sumerian word that meant a
mushroom covered in God's semen.
And that they believed that when it rained,
this is,
you know,
you're talking six,
10,000 years ago when it rained,
that was god coming on the earth and that these mushrooms that would appear out
of nowhere underneath,
it's really crazy because it was,
it's all based on just a massive cocky party.
Yes,
a giant Bucatini party of magic mushrooms.
But the long story to get into,
I've discussed it on this podcast before,
the people that are listening right now probably moaning,
like not again,
but it's also connected to the ancient story of Santa Claus and Christmas
because these muscles coming,
Santa Claus is coming to town.
These,
these mushrooms have a microrisal relationship with coniferous trees.
So like you would find them underneath pine trees,
which is where,
you know,
people always have pine trees as these Christmas trees,
for trees or whatever.
And these red and white mushrooms look like Santa Claus.
The,
you ever seen the Amanita miscarry a mushroom?
Do you know what it is?
The AMANITA Mascara mushroom is fucking Santa Claus.
I mean,
a whole that's extraordinary.
Yeah,
it's,
it's uh,
this is what,
this is what it looks like and all the ancient images.
Wow.
Of Christmas cards,
old Christmas cards.
Jamie,
see if you can find some old Christmas cards.
They all used to have pictures of these mushrooms.
There was elves and these mushrooms.
And by the way,
take mushrooms.
CLS does happen.
Okay.
It's fascinating that these mushrooms are connected to,
and also the colors of the mushrooms are exactly the colors of Santa Claus,
the red and white.
The fact that you hang these stockings by the fireplace,
like why,
why,
why you have red and white stockings.
What the fuck is that?
Because that's how they dry out these mushrooms.
The way they would dry out these mushrooms by hanging them over the fire.
So these red and white mushrooms were representative.
Look at this.
These photos,
see them up there.
Yeah.
Those are all ancient Christmas cards.
See the Amanita miscarry,
a mushroom appears over and over and over again.
And all of these,
it's kind of been lost.
That symbology has been lost,
but that is the same mushroom that's on the cover of the sacred mushroom.
And the cross.
If you,
uh,
pull that up,
Jamie,
the book,
the Sacred Mushroom and the cross,
the John Mako allegro book,
it's all about this psychedelic mushroom,
the Amanita Mascara,
which is a very confusing mushroom because it apparently varies geographically.
It varies genetically.
That's the book,
the sacred mushroom in the cross.
Same mushroom.
A,
that's a mess,
right?
Yeah.
I'm going to go with it and just an incredible sort of a connection,
but yeah,
it totally makes sense.
If you think about it,
you're living 10,000 plus years ago,
you find these psychedelic mushrooms,
you eat them,
you have these intense religious ecstasy experiences,
and then the Romans are coming.
You fucking,
you hide the stories.
You,
you come up with these parables that you can disguise the stories.
And the apple of Adam and eve supposedly was this Amanita miscarry a mushroom.
Wow.
That is the,
the,
the word apple.
There's very many translations for the word apple,
but one of them is red.
The color red and the idea of the eating of the red,
meaning the eating of this mushroom,
this red mushroom.
Oh my,
that's extraordinary.
They were tripping balls,
bro.
They were all tripping balls and trying to write things down.
And then all along the way it got keep my children away from the gaze.
And what is it that kept them from the,
you know,
the original message?
Well,
most likely is the absence of the psychedelic experiences.
These ego dissolving experiences,
which are just forbidden from,
you know,
I mean if you look at the modern Christians,
I mean what's,
what's the one thing that they keep the children away from the drugs,
the drugs,
the evil marijuana and all the things that are ruining our youth now it's ruined
in your youth is ignorance as to what you're teaching in the very first place.
Like what are the roots of what you're actually saying?
So few of them actually even know it.
Oh yeah.
Historical and contextual understanding of the religion
and it's like poor and it's so hard to,
yeah.
I mean a guy like allegro,
it guys studying this book for 14 years.
That's the big thing is that's the oldest version of the Bible we know of.
That's the oldest version of the Bible.
That's in Aramaic as well.
So it's trying to add that to what people have just decided is the New
Testament,
which we all know was,
was con concocted by Constantine.
They took a bunch of bishops and they threw some shit out and put some shit in
the fourth century.
Well after,
well after Jesus and clearly the hand of man involved clearly.
And that that always blows Christians away when you speak to him.
And I believe that,
you know,
Matthew,
mark and Luke and John,
uh,
were eye witnesses to Jesus life.
But Mike was the first gospel to write and he wrote a good 40 to 50 years after
Jesus had passed away.
Matthew and Luke copied from mark,
but use their own respective external sources.
70 years after Jesus had passed away.
And John wrote his Gospel 100 years after the death of Jesus.
So,
you know,
these stories where campfire stories passed down.
And,
and when you,
it's interesting,
one of my books,
Jesus Lord,
he was only human.
I take,
I take the New Testament and normally when you read the New Testament,
you'll rate,
you know,
uh,
Matthew,
you know,
you've read mark and then you read Matthew and then you read Luke in need,
John.
And if you hear what each of the gospels has to write about each of the key
moments in Jesus' life,
wherever it's his birth,
his baptism,
you know,
his ministry,
his trial,
he's execution.
That kind of sound almost the same.
But if you just focus on one story in Matthew,
let's say it's his baptism and in one story and then on baptism and Luke and
then baptism mark and so forth,
you see how wildly they stories differ.
Um,
I,
you know,
which almost have no resemblance at all when it comes to the facts and uh,
and so forth.
Not only that,
that's a long fucking time ago.
The idea that you're going to take anything from 2000 years ago and it's going
to make any sense whatsoever in 2014 this piecing it together,
the idea that that's the foundation of the very structure of your society.
That's the foundation of your,
your ideology.
That's the foundation of your morals.
It's all based on this 2000 plus year old garbled shit and not based on what we
know today,
the experiences that we have today,
what we know today about values and ethics and communication and the blow back
of negative behavior,
that we're not trying to formulate our own new guidelines for life.
That we're all basing this on Doni clams and don't get tattooed and don't fuck
guys like all this crazy shit that's old as fuck.
And it was based on nonsense.
You know,
it's,
it's quite amazing the hold that it has today.
And I think one of the best examples of one of the major problems that we have
as a culture and that's our fear,
our fear,
our fear of the unknown or fear of death.
Our fear of,
you know,
we're not living our lives the wrong way.
So if we have one particular ideology that we follow,
anybody that follows and another ideology is immediately attacked and that goes
for the people that are religious.
Also it goes to the people that are on the left,
that attack without doubt.
Anything that's on the right,
it goes for the people that are on the right,
that attack,
anything that's on the left.
It goes for fucking Yankees fans that hate the Dodgers.
It goes for people who like Max and you know,
those fucking PC guys are assholes.
Like we're weird with that.
We don't,
we want our choice to be the correct choice in our life.
Exactly.
And,
and,
and America is now in Paul's,
we'll show it us America is more polarized today than it was on the eve of the
civil war.
And whilst it's 20 weeks,
yeah,
well,
it's 20 or 30 years ago,
we kind of all go down news from the same source.
You know,
there was a CNN or wherever.
Now that,
you know,
liberal camp and the conservative camp get their news from the,
uh,
their own camps.
It becomes an endless,
a feedback loop of confirmation bias and,
uh,
you know,
opposing thoughts and opposing opinions are taken into consideration.
And that's why,
you know,
there's political parties now,
more so on the republican side.
And more party of this tea party side.
They've become a cult.
They demand ideological purity.
And if you're not ideological,
pure,
I mean Eric cancel the,
you know,
the majority a representative in the house,
uh,
was thrown out for not being conservative enough.
Eric Cantona all being conservative enough.
What was it that it wasn't being conservative enough on immigration was the big
thing.
But you know,
I think Virginia is board is there,
we'll secure it
from Mexico.
Why are you going to Virginia?
What is so attractive?
Yeah,
we,
we needed a bigger build a war in the South Virginia.
I like girls with that certain accent.
Yeah,
we'll build a wall around Virginia.
That's hilarious.
Well,
the immigration Grayson
thing is one of the best examples of how this country is fucking crazy and
insane.
It's because it's a country that was founded by immigrants.
So this idea that we're going to keep all the immigrants out of a country that
was founded by immigrants is holy shit crazy.
I mean that is not only that it's evil and you got a bunch of people that are
living below you in the,
in the south that are in a third world country that's connected.
Like it's an,
it's a,
it's an artificial boundary created by man.
It's not like it's across an ocean.
Like you have to get an a plane to get to Australia.
Like that's,
that's separate from America and you guys are closer to us than Mexico.
We're more concerned with the Australians and we are with the Mexicans.
I mean Mexicans are involved in some brutal fucking drug wars.
They have terrible crime.
They have terrible corruption.
The Mexico City is one of the most polluted cities on the planet as far as air
pollution.
It's terrifying that this is all right next to us and these people are trying to
flee to get out of this,
to get a better life.
And we were like,
fuck you.
This is America.
You can't even come over here.
I know.
I like how irony is lost on the ride.
I was watching a Sean Hannity,
uh,
pace I need.
He's talking about his immigration crisis.
And,
um,
and he's got a headline to his piece was,
uh,
trouble in the heartland or a defending the hot story.
It was defending the heartland and the graphic he had for defending the
heartland was the statue of liberty,
which was a gift from France and promote,
see migration.
Hilarious you nose.
That is hilarious.
And well,
what does the,
the,
what's the writing on the statue of Liberty
that send us your poor,
your huddled masses,
yearning to breathe free.
And what did the lack of,
uh,
you know,
what gets me is the lack of introspection on naval gazing when it comes to the
ses.
It's our policies which have caused,
these are refugees.
They are not immigrants.
He's a refugees fleeing var,
intolerable violence circumstances inflicted upon by policies.
Not only al draconian drug lords,
a drug wars rather,
but also,
you know,
a free trade.
Nafta,
uh,
again,
signed into law by Bill Clinton displayed three to 4 million Mexican farm is a
learn by sent by allowing American agribusiness to go down there,
build up.
They're monsters,
they're monstrosity.
And you know,
uh,
industrial farming complexes,
Alto over supply the market because of economy of scales with cheap food and
cheap fruit and projects,
sends these Mexicans off their farms,
sentiments to the urban areas and then the only profitable businesses drug
running.
And then we've America's appetite for drugs like cocaine,
which come from South America or at,
you know,
at a historical low.
They're fighting over and form a smaller and smaller bit of market share.
And that's why they become more violent and more tolerable,
more violent,
trying to defend their smaller market share and turf in these places.
So we've created the circumstances down there.
And anyone who says we shouldn't take a kid who travels that far through the
desert on their own,
they're the people you want.
I mean,
and we're not talking big numbers,
we're talking 40,000.
We've got a population of 350 million.
If we can't take 40,000 kids who bust their not,
they get across this in inhospitable terrain to make it in this country.
Uh,
give me them any diver,
somebody you know,
somewhat confederate and Dave.
Yeah,
we know we're going to take America back.
South's going to rise again.
It's amazing too that they,
you know,
that confederate flag thing,
that's a fascinating one.
The confederate flag was representative of so many things to them and you know,
pride,
southern pride and all the,
all these different things.
You maybe you guys should come up with a new flag,
like maybe come up with one that doesn't have a swastika on it,
you know,
cause that's essentially what it's like for black people because that's what I
like it so much.
But could you imagine driving around with your,
uh,
you know,
if,
if somehow or another,
you know,
you find yourself in the deep south and you're a black person,
you drive it around and you see these rebel flags everywhere,
you would think of that a lot.
Like a Jew would look at a swastika.
I understand that the swastika meant a lot more than that.
And at one point in time it was actually like a symbol of prosperity and like
this national pride.
I mean,
the swastika at one point in time was like,
it wasn't,
it was like this ancient symbol.
Um,
maybe it was reversed,
but it was used as stone from the hinges.
Yeah.
And certain types of martial arts.
It was like old versions of karate.
They had the swastika.
Yeah.
There's a Hindu temple that's near my house that,
um,
uh,
visited and they have a big sign up explaining why they're swastika
cause everywhere.
Yeah.
Well we lived in Bali,
Indonesia for a decade.
And,
uh,
when you drive around bylines,
Haley's Hindu temples everywhere,
but the swastika,
but it's actually in reverse,
you know,
and,
uh,
but yeah,
I mean everything is,
you know,
mythologies are always borrowed and ideologies,
ideologies always borrowed from elsewhere and,
and uh,
yeah,
it's fascinating that they cling to that God damn flag.
I get you like being from the south.
That's cool.
Well,
but the southwest,
the SAF has never gotten over losing the civil war.
They never had a worse runners up in,
you know,
in the history of sports,
and they'll never get our,
if you look at the Republican Party today,
uh,
you know,
most because the Republican party is so monolithic,
such as a monolithic control herself that affords their Po,
this southern representation Republican party than most senior positions.
You know,
Eric Cantor's from Virginia,
you know,
Marco Rubio,
uh,
you know,
you,
you Mitch Mcconnell,
you go down the line,
they're all southerners and uh,
you know,
the,
the whole policy of blocking Obama is built around obstruction nullification
and,
um,
and you know,
and,
and that drives the,
you know,
the thrust and Parry of,
of who they are as far as the reactionary party.
It's also something that unites them,
you know,
unites them in this,
this group that they have,
you know,
we'll southern pride,
I'm a southern boy.
You just have the boy.
I'm a southern boy as well.
You know,
this,
this group,
this is their own version of skull and bones.
Yeah.
And when I say tech or country back,
well,
well to where,
and I'll leave a say a to the pre civil war days,
but they won't say that in public,
but then what they want to take America back to is the fifties that's their idea
of the ideal America.
But that was the era of big federal government,
the FDRS
new deal and so forth.
So and that's when they had it good when liberalism was on the march in America.
It's something that people always do though,
don't they always like long for some day,
long time ago when things made sense,
you know they long strategy,
they have this nostalgia for the archaic.
It's just,
it's very common,
right.
And oftentimes like ridiculously so like I used to date this girl,
she's talking about like high school about this amazing like high school was
amazing.
We were all young and free and like pitch you had zits,
everybody was mad at everybody like come on you tell me 50 go figure bank
about it.
He didn't have bells back then.
Boston been awesome.
Come on.
You were living with your mom like fucking socked.
Get outta here.
Like you can't think like that.
Like enjoy this moment.
This,
this moment is the best moment human beings have ever achieved.
I believe right now this is the greatest time to be alive.
The world has ever known.
Yeah,
it's fraught with peril and all fucked up and economically completely out of
whack.
But I still think this is the best time ever because information is being
exchanged at a freer pace.
It's being exchanged at a faster pace.
It's being exchanged amongst people that have never been able to communicate
before by translation software,
by just the fact that you have this internet that's allowing people to send
messages and exchange information and ideas and communicate back and forth and
influence each other in a way that's never been available before to anyone ever
in the history of the human race.
And if there's one thing that has separated us from the other animals in the
world,
it's our ability to communicate with each other.
Well,
our communicate or ability to communicate has never been better than it is right
now.
And I think this also,
there's a change that I've seen in my lifetime where people are moving towards
more progressive ideas.
I think a lot of this resistance that you're getting from this conservative
party is this,
this,
you know,
battening down the hatches and trying to avoid this inevitable change.
And I think this change,
a lot of it comes from that,
from this exchange of information,
from understanding each other better.
Well,
I think we're seeing the death throes of,
uh,
of that white minority politics in America and as,
and what we're going to see more dangerously as America.
You know,
it's the Browning of America by the year 2050.
Yeah.
25th fear of a black planet is,
how would you say,
talking to Chuck d type Shit here,
man.
Browning brow.
You allowed to say browning.
You can't say colored people,
but you want to say brownies,
brownies,
Browning.
Why is it Brownie bad?
But blacks.
No,
that's not very fancy.
Blacks.
You don't notice that blacks,
you can say black people being Australian.
I don't know what I'm allowed to say.
I don't know either changes all the time,
but the Browning of America by 2050.
Yeah.
You know,
whites bid on minority in this country in 2012 actually that was the first year
we're what bump white babies were the less number,
you know,
we're outnumbered by and Brown
babies.
So as we become,
um,
Brown,
uh,
this white minority politic,
this reactionary movement is going to become more aggressive,
more frustrated because I don't feel like they have representation and we're
terrorism starts terrorism is a,
is a reaction written every response to political weakness or political,
political,
uh,
impotency.
And we saw the shoot is in Las Vegas.
Those two white extremists who shot those two police officers in a Walmart
worker.
If you read their manifesto,
that's what the tea party manifesto.
Yeah.
Four weeks ago,
six weeks ago,
they walked into a,
uh,
a pizzeria shot,
two cops to death in Vegas in Vegas.
They had their,
a Batman and Robin Mass on and then they shot themselves about this one.
Yeah.
Really?
No,
it's,
it was,
it was national news.
It was too many of those guys.
They watching too much or that a wrestling stuff.
That's what it is.
Too much of that wrestling stuff.
I didn't even hear about that one,
but what was their manifesto?
The manifesto was,
uh,
basically that,
you know,
uh,
watts,
they're losing what Christians are losing.
Representation of America had been taken over by Brown liberals,
progressive feminists and so forth.
We're going to dress like Batman and white folks.
Yeah,
we're going to take it out on cops and a Walmart worker and ended up shooting
themselves.
But we're going to see more and more.
They senior and it actually,
New York Times had a great piece on it.
The rise of height or the doubt of height and the explosion of right wing
militia groups in this country is threatening.
And the more they feel that they are the minority and the more they start losing
national elections,
let's fights at the Republican party is not going to win a presidential election
for the next 20 years in every,
in every demographic where,
um,
a demo,
every Democrat,
every demographic in America,
the Democrats are getting,
gaining market share in every demographic in America,
which is shrinking the Republican's a group gaining market share so they're not
going win president Lincoln's.
And that's why the focus on gerrymandering is districts voter suppression.
It's,
they're trying to win at the state level,
but now so benefit other than socially.
I do believe there's a social benefit to having liberals and office.
I do believe that the one thing that I think that Obama has done,
I think there's,
there's a social benefit to having a guy like that in,
in office.
Well,
there there's a social benefit as long.
look,
um,
I'm critical of Obama because he's governed like a Clinton.
He's a,
he hasn't governed as a liberal little name liberal policy.
He's implemented Abom macair.
That was a far from a liberal policy liberal policy when they had unilateral
control of the Senate and Congress should have been universal healthcare,
but he didn't even fought for universal healthcare even though he campaigned for
it.
I would argue we haven't had a liberal president since Nixon and it wasn't in
Nixon,
wasn't,
didn't implement liberal policies because he was liberal.
O'Hara had a conscience or was moral.
He was the last you as president to be scared by liberals and is,
it does a great story with Nixon when he's in at the,
at the heart of the antiwar movement and is in the Oval Office and he has Harry
Henry Kissinger standing next to him and it's on the Nixon types and he turns to
Henry Kissinger and it says,
and all in all the white houses lined up with all these yellow buses of all the
antiwar protesters and Nixon turns a kiss.
Insurance says,
holy fuck man,
they really gonna storm the White House and take me drag,
drag me out this.
He really believed that.
And that's what you want.
The white has to feel like you want the White House to feel like they're afraid
of the people you want.
Politics and politicians in Washington feel like they were afraid.
And the problem is they're not afraid of the liberal classical liberal class is
dead.
And the underscore that point is the popularity of Hillary Clinton.
Hillary Clinton is just a bland,
she's standing brand,
she stands for nothing in two and,
and our white,
she ran on no platform over than she was Hillary Clinton.
She's gonna run on the same platform because they believe they're not going to
be against a once in a lifetime candidate like the hat and Barack Obama.
So she's not going to stand for progressive liberalism,
liberalism,
there is no such thing in liberalism in America.
There is no one fighting for universal healthcare.
There's no one fighting for free education or anything like that,
or higher taxes on corporations and the rich,
I mean this is,
you know,
we live in an area where conservative politics trumps.
Is there also a bottleneck in the two party system,
which is essentially what we have.
I mean,
you could say that there's a Green party.
You could say that there's a libertarian party all you want,
but the reality is they don't get included into the debates.
As soon as the debates get heavy.
I mean what they did to marginalize Ron Paul,
who was a Republican,
shows you what they do to anybody who doesn't play ball.
I mean what you saw,
like you would see him placing and polls like second and third and they would
ignore him and concentrate on who was fourth and fifth.
I mean that was what they did in the media to marginalize that guy effectively
to do so.
What isn't that the bottleneck?
The bottleneck is that corporations are sponsoring these people.
Corporations are sponsoring their campaigns,
paying for their campaigns,
massive donations,
and then they have this agenda once they get into place and to,
to to help these corporations that paid for them to get in there in the first
place.
That is that.
That's the problem.
You've hit the nail on the head and the problem is,
I didn't say the problem is being the two party system.
I mean,
in most Western democracies you have a two party system,
Australia or the UK and so forth.
The problem is,
but in,
in Australia and UK,
you have public financing of elections.
Here it's the opposite.
So,
uh,
our voices don't get heard.
We don't,
you know,
politicians don't come out to visit you and I to come and visit and do these
$40,000 per plate dinners.
And they listened to the 50 odd thousand lobbyists,
which in Washington and in paying their campaign finance.
So you know what?
There was 32,000 only a mere 32,000 donors in the,
in the,
in the 12th 2012 elections represented more than 99% of all political donations
in that campaign cycle.
So 0.01% of the population is done.
Only 99% of the campaign finance studies,
two political parties.
Until you get rid of that,
you're going to have two political parties which represent the interest of
corporations and none of the working or the middle class.
Those numbers are crazy.
And stop and think about that.
I mean,
everybody's fixated on the 1% in this country.
The 1% a 0.01%.
That's madness.
All the money's coming from them.
Yup.
That's it.
I mean,
so our $50 donation,
who gives a fuck?
Is there anybody that you see on the horizon?
Is there any movement,
any humans that you see that are really trying to implement some sort of a
change that you think you have a chance
to?
Uh,
well,
t two,
but only one has a chance.
Elizabeth Warren and Bernie Sanders is if Elizabeth Warren wins a SRO.
If Elizabeth Warren runs,
she Bates Hillary now,
and I'll,
and I'll tell you why,
uh,
in Oh eight,
if it was a referendum on our rock,
Hillary Clinton,
the only rate if Hillary Clinton had not voted for a rock,
she would have been a nomination,
would be the president.
Right now,
the referendum in the Democratic primary selection in this cycle will be income
inequality on that.
She will lose to Elizabeth Warren because if had associations to Wall Street,
um,
her husband's record and not being a progressive,
Elizabeth Warren is a champion for the middle class,
a champion for working class.
She wants to dismantle Wall Street.
She wants to dismantle these financial debt products,
which have wrecked havoc on the American population and haven't been.
These laws and regulations haven't been changed since we had the crash in
[inaudible] eight.
We now stand on the precipice of repeating what happened on our weight.
Nothing has changed and she wants to fight for these causes,
which will,
uh,
you know,
and the rigging of the game,
so to speak.
Bernie Sanders,
I like him as well,
but he has no chance in a national electorate.
Elizabeth Warren could win the day and see nomination also become president.
Why does Bernie Sanders have no chance?
And how do you think a woman's group
be president?
Well,
because,
uh,
Sam,
the number one,
the Democrats yearn for a historic candidate at woman.
So they tried to,
black guy didn't work out so well,
let's go with a check.
Yeah.
So we want to,
not a piece of history,
you know,
a historic moment.
All the white men are all fucking around their wives and shit.
I want to catch those bitches as soon as they run for president.
Well,
they're all,
they're all wiener in.
Yeah.
And Sandy as well.
San Does his,
uh,
too much of an open shirted socialist.
Uh,
identify as a socialist and sorry,
uh,
I think the media and the Republican Party will be,
it'd be too easy for them to slay him with the s word.
Whereas a Elizabeth Warren has never mentioned the s word and it's more of a
populous a than a,
than a socialist.
Yes.
Word.
The s word.
Is that unsurmountable mean?
Is it possible that what you were talking about before that if you look at
what's happening in Europe and you look at the benefits of socialism as far as
Canada and some other countries,
Australia socialized medicine,
socialized education,
is it possible that that can be discussed in some sort of a way that's not going
to need jerk turn people off in America?
Well,
the is,
you have a failed
media class because the media class weren't report the facts.
Uh,
the media class,
you know,
are Republican,
gets on TV and says there's no such thing as gravity.
Then CNN says,
well,
we need to get a Democrat to speak to an Democrat.
It says a gravity Israel.
CNN says,
look,
Democrats and Republicans are fighting again.
You know,
so you'll never have an honest fact bags argument and you'll never have the
facts which you discussed.
Social democracies work,
Germany and,
and his western European countries have far less social and uh,
you know,
um,
uh,
income inequality than we do.
They also have happier people and we do on the world happiness index,
the top 15 countries are all social democracies.
American rights is the richest country on the planet,
a bit rights 17th on the world happiness index.
We were,
we rank behind Mexico,
so won't be long before they build a wall down there to keep it awesome.
But that doesn't even make any sense.
If all the Mexicans are trying to get over here,
but we're happy,
we're not as happy as them.
That doesn't make any sense.
What's the world happiness index and how's that even no one's talked to me.
Nobody interviewed me.
Asked me how I'm not,
you're not buying it.
Happy,
happy.
I'm a very happy person.
I don't get it.
Yeah.
Well the,
the,
the world happiness index is measured,
measured on some metrics such as pollution,
access to healthcare,
access to education,
gender equality,
income and equality,
uh,
pollution.
Um,
our crime rates,
teen pregnancy and so forth.
And Mexico is better than a higher,
we rank behind Mexico on the world.
Having someone is not doing a good job in America because most of the places
that I see look a lot better than the places in Mexico.
That's,
it doesn't make any sense.
You want,
man,
you've,
we were in woodland hills here.
Canoga Park.
But I don't think there's any,
I don't think there's any way that you can like qualify like a whole nation like
that though.
You know what I'm saying?
Like I don't think there's any way that you can say like,
Hey,
this is a happier country.
This is that,
you know,
you kind of,
you start statistic mining in that way.
Like America's a the least happy the least is.
But we're also the most innovative.
We create more things.
We have more art,
more music,
more pop culture,
more comedy,
more movies.
So many things come out of America because of this turmoil and this crazy fucked
up sort of a way we live.
It also lends itself to creativity.
It lends itself to the distribution of,
of,
of media.
You know,
we have more shit that comes out of here.
Good or bad.
I'm not saying that all of it's great,
but a lot of influence comes out of this one spot.
Absolutely.
I mean,
you know this,
whenever I speak,
I try not to come across as the,
uh,
the,
the typical American,
right.
I'm not,
I get,
this is what piers Morgan lost his job.
All that guy was at shit.
That's why he lost his job.
Such,
I never got that job in the first place.
You've been involved in fucking tapping into people's phones,
asshole,
too.
True.
I,
I was up in for that so many times and I went to a gay night.
It's,
but they,
uh,
I look,
I'm like,
I've,
I'm obsessed with America and always have been my friends in high school.
We had a always criticized me for being a,
want to be American.
The reason I moved here is because I am in love of America and I and who loves
him more,
more American,
more than you know,
an immigrant who wants to come here and help try and make things better.
I still believe in America,
but we're doing things the wrong way.
Are you a citizen?
No,
I'm still a resident.
I have the right
to vote yet.
So if you become,
if you become a citizen,
you can vote,
but you'll never be able to be president.
How can we be governor of California?
That's weird.
I'm sorry.
This idea is based on the notion that someone is going to be well groomed by
Alcaide do come over here and one of them white skin terrorists and it made
living in the world's most populous Muslim country for 10 years.
One and help my resume data when I ran it.
All right.
Jesus Christ,
you probably don't even know.
You're a commie.
You over here to fuck up our freedom.
Yeah,
that's it.
Right into bed as Christ.
You don't even know,
man,
I'm asleep as sale.
Why is it that America produces so much like as far as creativity,
so much innovation,
much technological innovation,
so much creativity.
So many good things come out of this place as well.
I was,
I,
you know,
America's a great country.
I think,
you know,
the,
the u s has produced I litany of good things.
Its contribution to the world culturally is,
you know,
uh,
you can't argue against it.
But my point is that,
uh,
at benefits,
so few,
um,
and if you look at the,
the new economy and vote economists as far as the technology,
uh,
you know,
these Facebook,
uh,
producers and these,
these,
you know,
what was that?
WHATSAPP just sold for how many billions of dollars?
$15 billion,
but they got her in a workforce of like 25 people,
25 people benefit that,
the sale of that.
So in the things that we're producing now,
no longer have any social capital.
Um,
we're not producing great products which can be exported to the world.
Our technology,
uh,
has been bought out by the military industrial complex.
Most of the R and D and technological research done in this country country is a
to the benefit of how it figuring out how we can kill people better,
you know,
in,
in other kinds of things.
It is how much of it is done an electric cars,
how much of it is done on electronics and cell phone?
We'll look at,
look at the electric car and that's a great point.
I mean,
Tesla,
um,
you know,
he'd say plenty of them around and there's these rich white neighborhoods and
certainly where I'm from.
And Laguna beach,
you see a ton of them that a new Toyota,
he fucked up.
I said,
where are you from?
I never tell people where I'm from and God damn it up.
I said,
Newport page.
No,
you did.
I fucked up.
I did.
If I can we get it?
Nope.
Too late.
It's live.
It's live or is this really live?
Yeah,
it's a lot.
Dammit.
I said my goone of h no you didn't.
You can't deny it.
It gave up two things.
Canoga Park and Laguna beach.
We're fucked.
I'm like,
God,
I going to be hearing Alpha,
but in the conservative way they uh,
yeah.
When you look at the opposition Jessica,
I mean if it wasn't for big oil and uh,
so we'd,
we'd have the electric car years ago and,
and Elon Musk has spoken at great length of the opposition he's faced and bring
any electric car to market.
Um,
so,
uh,
yeah,
we're producing great things,
but you know,
the corporate totalitarian state,
big oil and these kinds of interests will always Trump look what's happening.
Look at all these states have posed Tesla,
you know,
a New Jersey,
for example,
Wisconsin,
Chris Texas.
You know what,
what is that guy all about?
Chris Christie is not anymore.
He's getting slim and I'm ready for 2016.
I'm going to fucking wheel him out there and fodder.
Yeah.
Do you call those motor a two wheel things guys?
Such a cool,
he's done it.
He's done of a worry about Christy anymore.
He's,
he's not a candidate.
He's not,
he's given up,
well he hasn't given up,
but all the big money has moved away from him cause politically he's dead in the
water because there's these lawsuits are going to follow him well into their
2016 election cycle.
But the bridge,
is it just the bridge thing or is it,
what's the bridge thing?
But it's the whole culture of a timid intimidation at whole new Josie soprano
like atmosphere,
which turns off women and independent and minority voters.
So plus fat.
Yeah,
we mentioned that already.
Yeah.
Fat Acceptance.
People step aside because you're being silly.
Okay.
I don't accept smokers either.
Smoking acceptance I think is equally stupid.
They're dumb habits.
So as being morbidly obese,
it's a dumb thing to do.
Well,
I've got no problem with the morbidly obese if you're poor because the poor in
this country can't afford to be skinny.
But if you're a rich and what like Christie is,
well you have no excuse of being a Fetty [inaudible] that is true to a certain
extent,
but still it means over eating.
And that that is a personal choice.
Even if you're poor,
if you're getting bad food,
that's one thing.
Bad nutrition is another thing.
But the over abundance of this bad nutrition is just simply gluttony.
Manners.
Like if you're a family of four and you're husband and wife on the minimum wage,
let's call it your netting $400 a week.
You still got to pay rent.
You still got to pay the car.
You can ever go to,
uh,
try to jars and buy $15 per of Broccoli and some potatoes,
or you go to Wendy's and you feed the whole family for four.
You know,
that's a,
that is fucked.
But the reason their fat is not because they're barely getting by with that
food.
It's because they're eating more of it than they need to.
Yeah.
It sucks that they're getting bad food for sure.
It sucks that it's so expensive to eat healthy down.
Those are absolutes.
I am with you.
I'm a fat ass luck.
You are.
I'm a faddish.
I'm sorry.
Fat People.
Well,
some of my bed,
I have really good friends that are fat as fuck.
It's not that I hate,
it's just that there is a certain reality to being morbidly obese and I don't,
I don't think you're helping people with this idea,
this notion of fat acceptance and I think this is,
this is the,
the,
the broad end of the spectrum when it comes to this,
these new ideas that I think people are becoming more progressive
and more sensitive,
more open minded.
I think there's great things to that,
but I think there's also things like fat acceptance where it gets to a point
where like,
listen,
stop.
I couldn't throw,
I got in trouble on Twitter a couple of years ago for tweeting.
I'm the Rosa Park of not giving up my seat on the bus for fat people.
You got in trouble for that.
Why was it on the y?
Was a fat person trying to take your seat on the bus?
Is that,
what does that really happen?
No,
it didn't really have him say,
he just gave it up.
You just fucking is being an asshole.
Listen that,
that feeling of shame,
this idea of fat shaming.
People don't like that.
But that feeling of shame,
that negative feeling is a feeling of social failure and that feeling of social
failure,
that ostracized feeling,
the only benefit of that there's,
it's not,
you know,
it's not good to be cruel,
but the only benefit of that to the person who receives it is that it motivate
them to lose weight.
That's,
that's just a fact.
And fat acceptance.
That means you're happy the way you are.
You're good the way you are.
No,
you're going to die quick.
Your fucking heart is pumping through sludge,
right?
You need to eat some vegetables.
You Fuck Jesus Christ.
You've never messed up out of a Chloe Kardashian cause a cloaker destiny and the
big one,
but she's barely big.
You know what I mean?
If you talk about,
that's not fat.
I don't call her fat,
it's going to be a big girl.
But you know,
there's,
who's that woman who's a,
the McCarthy girl who's on all those movies now?
No,
no.
Guinea.
Jenny's the hot one.
Melissa.
Melissa,
cheesy.
Enormous one that everybody loves.
She's America.
Look at her.
She's all Chubby and everything,
but all friendly and wacky.
Poor Gal.
She's going to fucking die.
She's,
her heart is not going to keep beating if you do that.
It's not going to last.
Those really big fat ones,
they never hit 60.
They just don't,
they never make it.
Do I have a heart attack and Disneyland oil?
Exactly what the Truro and each hand to fist and fucking with one of those hats
on as soda
or a backpack,
like one of those Campbell backpacks I afraid of with fucking mountain doing it.
Yeah.
Look,
there's a lot of bad things to,
uh,
to the American Diet.
That's for fuck shore and a lot of it is,
do you ever watch the documentary king corn?
No.
God Damn Amazing.
The depth that the corn industry and the corn lobby and the corn,
there's these people that have grown corn and that this subsidization
substations at a word subsidizing by the American government.
Yup.
The corn and corn syrup like this.
This is how much of this is involved in our food and our everything.
It's amazing.
It's in our bread.
Yeah.
They had everyone plays here up in people's fucking sodas and their this and
their that.
And there was a thing about,
um,
uh,
it was all lawsuit about Mexico.
I'm trying to force out,
um,
uh,
corn syrup because they were trying to force them to use corn syrup and their
production of Coca Cola.
And so they resisted it and then they were sued.
And the whole thing is just corn
is a wacky fucking plant man.
Well,
I mean,
and in fact it's so pervasive because it's no coincidence at all.
I wear is the first stop on the,
uh,
both parties a nomination process.
And that's why they spend all the time,
you know.
Yeah.
Isn't that crazy?
Help it bagging?
No,
no coincidence whatsoever for anybody who wants,
I mean,
I'm not going to go into depth about it cause we talked about this before,
but please watch the documentary king corn if you get a chance.
It's fooding cause another good one.
That's a scary one.
Yeah,
that'll,
that'll shy you away from fast food.
I,
you know,
I've taken a lot of heat about this,
uh,
this subject of minimum wage by a bunch of people that think that folks who work
in fast food or for folks who work in entry level jobs should not get paid $15
an hour.
That's the number that I always throw around.
I like,
you can't live off of less than 15 bucks an hour,
man.
You just can't 15 bucks an hour.
You can pay your rent,
you can get something to eat and it's still not a lot of money.
And if you run a company that can't afford to pay your workers,
$15 an hour means you're making too much.
Either you personally or making too much money,
you're not giving the workers enough or some,
something's happening.
You're,
you're,
you're not profitable.
You need less workers.
You're not,
you're not,
you're,
your system is not efficient.
There's gotta be some way that you can,
if,
if someone works for you all day and they get paid less than a survival wage,
you essentially have slaves.
Well,
this is what the problem is.
And then,
you know,
I kept coming back to this point in America,
we have socialism for the corporations,
but we have capitalism for the rest of us.
So you take warm out,
or Bank of America,
they pay their workers so little that we have to subsidize them with food
assistance,
housing assistance and so forth.
Every Walmart,
the fall,
Walmart is on more than the combined 42% bottom,
40% 2% of Americans yet are allowed to pay their workers so little that the
average texts pie,
the average wold might employ.
It costs the average taxpayer in his country,
$1,400 per year in Texas.
So you and I,
uh,
funding the workforce for a ridiculously fucking wealthy bunch of individuals
that can afford to pay their employees more.
So that's socialism for that damn capitalism for the rest of us.
And that's hit me with those numbers.
Again,
the most wealthy people of Walmart fall and I inherited their wealth.
They've not,
sorry,
I did not build that motherfucker.
They did not build that.
I didn't know felt that.
So the full Walmart is on more than the bottom 42% combined in this country.
The for Walmart airs for people earn more money per year than the bottom 42% of
the entire country.
Yup.
And Google it.
I can't,
I'll throw up on my keyboard.
That's incredible.
Yeah,
that's it.
So all we have to do is kidnapped the,
for Walmart,
take all of their money,
we distribute it to the bottom 42% we've essentially cured poverty.
You and I for people,
that's a new Melissa McCarthy movie.
Melissa McCarthy.
She fucking gets a mouthful of donuts.
He gets a good sugar rush and she runs out and kidnaps the wall and she lets
them see the errors of their ways and they wind up working in a,
the end of the movie.
They're happy and they're working in like Costa Rica,
like fucking saving people from hurricanes or some shit.
Yeah,
that's a crazy.
And we've all at wealth,
you and I paying for each photo and $100 per year to Walmart to subsidize their
workforce for people.
That's incredible.
Yup.
The Cook,
the cook brothers to combine the two Karch profits on more than that.
I think it's,
you'll have them Google pets around about the bottom 50% two guys,
I'm more than the bottom 50% okay,
so we got an issue.
We've got six people.
We kidnapped six people.
We take their money.
You're living at the torturing pat,
but you would have the torch them.
We just kill him.
But we,
I don't mean that,
don't put me on a list,
but you,
if those people,
just those people's wells,
so six people,
you said 50% and 42% but that's not the combine or not combine both vehicles
separate.
You're going to separate them but equal.
But then how does that work then?
Because that means like if the,
the combined 42%,
but then you also have the combined 50% you can't add them together,
get them together because cause he's still working from the same number.
So the,
the,
the combined wealth of the cock provinces,
uh,
is more than the bottom,
roughly 50% of the nation,
but the combined wealth of the Walmart heir.
So you're working from a fixed number.
So he can't,
if he hadn't buffed to get her,
it's not like,
you know,
the six of them.
I'm 92% right.
They don't know 92% but they own double 42% yeah.
So what does that,
how does it creep it up to 60%?
What does it creep in?
I think I told you at the beginning of not an economist.
Well I'm,
well,
I'm dumb as fuck.
So we're screwed.
Not only am I not an economist,
I'm not good at counting shit.
So if you,
if you think about that though,
just,
just this,
the fact that the four people from Walmart and the two Koch brothers,
just those six people or what is the total money,
the,
the total amount of money that those guys have?
Well,
the kind of the Koch brothers worth a combined about $55 billion.
Uh,
and most of the money is on is from a speculation,
not from hiring people or building stuff.
Most of it is from oil speculation.
So stock market shit,
which has no social value,
money fuckery and money,
money fuckery.
And that's really what it is.
Right?
That's what crip Polk.
Ruben said,
we're going from a country might stuff to our country to make stuff up.
We ever hear what Putin said about the United States is before the crash,
he said,
I don't understand the United States economy.
It seems that they just buy and sell each other's houses.
He was right.
Yeah.
I mean,
it was all before the shit hit the fan.
It's all these wacky financial instruments are moving numbers on a screen.
How can that be fixed though?
I mean,
first of all,
you're the only way to fix the Koch brother's situation is what I mean is
there's no way,
right?
I mean,
you would have to,
well,
you have to and you know,
yeah,
you'd have to end all,
all speculation.
But,
uh,
you know,
Robert Reich,
who speaks about this extensively is you have a trading tax at the moment.
They,
these guys can tried mine pips every pip of a scream.
You know today,
you know the
three decimal places,
wherever it's own currency,
whether it's on gas and then when you're moving tens and hundreds of millions of
dollars.
One pip is a ton of money,
but it does not.
There should be a trading tax on each one of these trades because there's volume
of tried his volume,
money benefit society and no measurable Maine.
God Damn Man.
What a what a weird world we live in when that's real.
These are the numbers that Jamie just threw up here.
The collective wealth for the sixth richest Walton's rose from 73 billion to 90
billion.
Why?
The wealth of the average American declined from 126,000 to seventy seven
thousand thirteen million Americans have negative net worth.
That's the crazy thing cause I was exactly right.
Warman heads and they'll have more wealth than the bottom 42% and not just make
numbers up.
I didn't think you did.
I didn't even check.
I thought you were telling the truth for sure.
Yup did.
There was a recent article that I brought up at yesterday's podcast,
Michael Shermer road in scientific American.
That was torn apart about the myth of,
uh,
financial inequality.
It was like one of the dumbest articles I've ever written.
And when it was the way I know whether something's dumb as if I think it's dumb,
because if I can see the logical fallacies in your argument about finance,
I mean,
it was just,
but what is that common from there?
What is this?
Like,
everything's fine.
Everything's fine thing where people want to sort of manipulate statistics and
look at things from sort of a rose colored glasses point of view.
What's that?
From what,
what causes people,
people have no experience to what the root of what is happening in America.
I,
you know,
I live,
I'm not gonna say it and I'm at a town
in the air,
live in a nice spot in know I was fine in the area I live.
Yeah,
he is,
you know,
I'm going to guess 90% white,
um,
and,
and wealthy to moderately wealthy,
too wealthy.
And they have no clue what's happening in the,
you know,
these rust belt states.
He's,
you know,
uh,
for the northwest,
which are particularly the,
the basis of manufacturing,
I mean,
uh,
these are economies which had been absolutely destroyed,
prefer globalization.
There is no economic in recovery.
You know,
despite in spoke with just before,
despite the Dow hit record highs and despite the unemployment number happening,
we're not going to get these jobs back because we now have the Walmart business
model is the model that the rest of the corporate world and this country
emulates.
In the 18th century.
It was the Pennsylvania railroad railroad,
uh,
country in the 20th century was IBM.
Today it's Walmart.
So what Walmart deals with,
it's,
it,
it makes cities bid against each other to get tax breaks to move it.
So they can say,
hey,
we're going to put a store in your place.
They get to cities a bit against it.
The,
so it becomes a race to the bottom as far as corporate sob disease and welfare.
Every time a Walmart,
a store opens,
every time Walmart employs a new employee,
1.4 American workers is displaced.
Now their control,
the American economy,
the retail economy is so dominant that to have such control over their
suppliers,
procurement at Walmart,
they demand a 5% reduction of their,
of their supplies every year.
If you can't reduce your costs to warm up by 5% every year and then we'll fuck
off.
Goodbye.
So after about five years of doing this,
where you've cut 5% 5% eventually warm,
Matt says to their suppliers,
will you need to move to China?
And if you don't meet and if you move to China,
we'll help you set up if you don't move the train.
And we don't,
we do no business,
no longer.
And that has happened with countless number of companies.
Companies like Rubbermaid,
a great American company,
which had a workforce in the hundreds of thousands of people in the 70s in the
80s you know,
almost no longer exists in that form anymore because they couldn't,
you know,
initially they didn't move to China,
but they have now.
So there's,
there's globalization is free trade is not benefiting anyone.
Um,
and that's the model that we operate under.
Is there a way to up,
first of all that there was a number that you threw out.
Then I get confused about,
you said for every time a Walmart,
Walmart opens 1.4 Americans are misplaced,
he's displaced.
What does it 1.4 what is that?
It's one person.
Well,
so every time a Walmart employees I person 1.4 Americans loses it.
[inaudible] wait time.
They employ one person,
1.4 million.
So for every one person they employ more than one.
That kind of makes sense.
And the mom and pop store,
the death of the mom and pop store has it been really criticized both by people
that are against Walmart,
but I'll tell people that they're saying,
you know,
why don't you shop and vote with your dollar?
Appreciate mom and pop stores and they cost five more dollars when you go in
there,
just go pay them the five more dollars.
Do you understand how Walmart is making things so cheap?
Do you understand that the people that work there with the number that you threw
around that for every Walmart worker we pay,
what was the amount of money that every person has to pay in tax dollars,
$1,300 this,
those,
if those things were just made more clear and people voted with their dollar
more,
do you think it's possible that something like Walmart can slowly die away?
That these monolithic corporations that have this massive control over economies
but,
but that,
that Walmart destroys communities to such an extent that people in these
communities can only afford to shop at Walmart and becomes this vicious cycle?
Um,
so it's a,
you know,
you,
unless you put in policies which regulate,
tried and protect the working class,
but taking a class,
you're not going there to,
uh,
to solve the problem.
So,
and,
and this is not a great sort of hypocrisy is how,
for example,
the Republican Party presents itself as the Party of small business because it's
a nice nostalgic pitch up,
draws it.
It's painted in people's mind.
That picture of Myron par small business operation,
uh,
you know,
in mine straight in,
in middle America,
but,
but name a single policy that,
uh,
the Republican Party have helped a small businesses.
We have,
have they as the Republican party protected the modern power operation from
these monopolies.
Oligopolies did I give the same tax breaks that they do these corporate
subsidies as they do to these big organizations to drown a business out now they
haven't,
you know,
the Republican pies and looks out for the small business at all and his country
and,
and uh,
yeah.
Yeah.
And that's just the way is,
I mean,
no one's finding against that.
This is not,
that's not like a big rallying cry of new Democrats nor the Republicans.
This is not something that anybody's bringing up.
No.
And,
and that comes to political ignorance and political ignorance.
Born from either our education system or the fact that the mainstream media,
um,
only reports titillating,
you know,
issues.
You know,
we're,
we're still talking about flight missing.
M eight three 70 or Anna Nicole Smith,
Steph,
you know,
it's a focus on celebrity and a trivia rather than on the real issues.
There's no Walter Cronkite's in the news anymore.
And that is true.
There's no real news anymore.
There's television programs that highlight their entertainment programs that
highlight things they think people are going to be interested in,
but they don't have a desire for journalism.
Well,
and they don't.
And it's corporate control media.
Ha Ha.
How many places and you know,
how many venues on corporate owned media do you think I'm going to get book when
I talk about the corporate totalitarian state?
Not a lot.
Your show,
you can come back for sure.
Yeah.
Do you,
you get chills down your spine when you see things like what's going on with
Edward Snowden when you see what's going on with Julian Assan,
when people do expose some really horrific things that our government's involved
with,
uh,
the underpinnings of our society itself,
the mechanism involved in w what's turning the wheels of the military industrial
complex.
When that gets exposed.
And you see like the,
some court just upheld the arrest warrant against Julian Assange from,
for what?
For having sex with a woman is supposedly,
or whatever the fuck they,
some one of the most dubious and questionable charges of all time that's
involved in an international incident.
I mean,
is there ever been a more transparent situation when someone,
they're going after someone and pretending it's something else?
I mean,
it's always dangerous grounds to,
uh,
um,
to I guess to trivialize any rape charge,
but you're dead right?
I mean,
the rape charge it was,
yeah,
it's,
so they're the circumstances which I have read a so fishy and dubious as you've
said,
but,
uh,
you know,
I,
the one of the most frustrating things is we would be more,
the American population certainly would be more angry about the NSA overreach if
there was a republican in office.
Uh,
the fact that it's a bomber in office has a plicated,
uh,
you know,
democrats and the liberal class,
I just think,
oh,
well,
if Obama is happy with it,
it must mean it's okay.
I guess it's not too bad.
And,
and,
and also part of the problem muse with,
you know,
in the millennial puppet,
the mental it millennial generation,
it's,
you know,
hey,
look at me,
you know,
um,
so we've come such a high look at me,
you know,
Instagram,
selfies,
Facebook accounts,
Twitter,
and the more extreme they think the more exposure the better.
Um,
so when they're talking about,
you know,
being watched,
well,
they like being watched and that
there is that thing though,
that it,
if it was a republican that was an office and you were dealing with this Nsa
leak,
where do you find out that they're downloading every fucking email you have?
Every phone call you make is being recorded.
People would be up in arms,
but because of the fact
that it's a Democrat,
the very same people who would be up in arms are sort of letting it slide in a
way.
Yeah.
Partisanship.
It is.
And that's,
that's how,
you know,
coming back to what I said earlier,
we're,
we're living in the most polarized moment in American history and we only see
things in issues through the lens of our political parties.
You know,
we've,
we've deeply entrenched in our own camps and we only listened to the talking
heads who feed red meat to our respective camps were goofy as fuck.
In other words,
not too many conservatives,
not too many tea party voters read my pieces.
You know,
in Salon Salon you can beat,
well,
if they do read it,
they read it to get angry or they go out to the rifle range.
Fucking she pumpkin's with Obama's picture pasted on it.
You know,
God damn it.
You hear what he said about Jesus?
Yeah.
Well you're,
you're,
you know,
you're actively trying to piss him off with use your,
your titles of your books,
right?
I think so.
Crucifying America,
uh,
atheist can't be Republicans got heights.
You hiding back?
Yeah.
All those.
I just got an email yesterday saying God doesn't hate you.
Everybody else does.
Oh,
how rude.
God loves you,
but I hate you.
Is that what they're saying?
Well then you're not a child of God.
Who the fuck are you?
You know,
you're not doing it right.
Right.
They're not there.
They're doing it wrong.
You can't,
you can't just run around saying that God doesn't hate you,
but I do.
Exactly.
Fuck if you know that,
if you know God doesn't it,
you're supposed to love them,
then there's not this supposed to do turn the other cheek.
Yeah.
I don't see much forgiveness.
I'm not covering my copy much forgiveness and I've never met a real Christian
like that will be like forgive you for your,
your actually,
you know,
I have a lot of friends who are Christians and as you said this twice.
Yeah.
You said,
he said,
I have a lot of friends who are Christians.
You said a lot of friends who are right wing.
We put a lot of gay friends.
I said that as well.
Just make it up.
I knew it to be honest.
Be Honest.
I think there's 7 billion people in the world.
I really only know four of them
really well.
Right?
Yeah,
exactly.
But I do,
I mean actually it's funny moments and I had this conversation with a friend the
other day.
Uh,
every Mormon I've made is actually super nice.
You know,
actually,
one of the hardest moments on the planet is a Abby Huntsman.
You know,
Jon Huntsman's,
our daughter,
she's on MSNBC.
I'm a guy and I,
and I do have a little crush on her,
but uh,
yeah.
Yeah.
What's her name?
Abby Huntsman.
I don't watch MSNBC.
I try to avoid all mainstream media at this point.
I get almost all my news from the Internet.
I'm kind of completely given up on watching Fox.
I might watch Fox just for the hot chicks.
I watch Fox just to see chicks cross and uncross the legs or back and forth.
Is this her?
She's a Mormon.
Yeah.
Yeah,
she is.
She's beautiful.
But she's a silly bitch.
There's no doubt about it.
If you're a Mormon,
I don't care.
You can be a moonie.
It can be a scientologist.
It's all the same to me.
Yeah.
All right.
Do you know you could be born a Mormon?
You know,
he'd get locked into it.
I had a neighbor who was a Mormon who is great,
nicest guy,
super sweet people.
They're very friendly,
very,
you know,
very warm and compassionate.
Well,
and it's also true,
I like to say to the south,
you traveled down to the seventh Stites and individually the nicest people on
the planet.
You know,
southern hospitality is a real thing,
but put them all in the room together,
talking about the biggest bunch of bigoted ass.
I'll talk about taking their guns and black men,
fucking their daughters
knocked on my watch.
Yeah.
I think a lot of that is again,
fear,
ignorance.
These isolated folks that live in these small towns that are separated from the
larger cities,
by vast distances as larger cities mean,
you know,
tend to be the centers of diversity.
Yeah,
yeah.
You're gonna have,
you're gonna have ignorance and fear a lot of those places,
but you know,
it's also fed upon by the politicians that are running for office and those very
areas.
Exactly.
And it's fed.
It's fed upon by this right wing echo chamber,
which constantly it keeps them fit.
Or the external enemy,
whether that's liberals,
whether that's Muslims,
whatever.
It's,
you know,
what a chamber,
communists,
but isn't salon kind of an echo chamber to the left?
A little bit.
Yeah.
It's a very,
very friendly audience.
Yeah.
Very friendly audience to the left.
I mean there's certain things,
but it will say you do have an echo chamber on the left,
but in the left,
uh,
echo chamber facts aren't made up.
Uh,
whereas in,
in,
in that right wing echo chamber,
there's a total disregard for facts.
Even Romney's a head pollster,
uh,
Neil and I can't remember his last name and I guess it doesn't matter,
but he even said it on camera.
You know,
facts don't matter,
you know,
in this campaign,
Jamie,
come on.
I mean,
they can,
they can say anything.
Uh,
I think there's a big wing in the establishment wing of the Republican Party
that wants him to run a,
I don't think you will,
but the establishment is desperate for a candidate because at the moment,
Rand Paul is going to be the nomination and he scares the life out of
establishment Republicans because he's not in the icon.
That's why Dick Cheney's in the media at the moment,
at the moment,
trying to water down his isolationists libertarian wing of the Republican Party.
Because as it stands today,
he would be the nominee,
right?
Rand Paul.
And what scares people about Rand Paul?
What's,
what should scare people,
but well,
what scares me?
You asking me what scares me?
Well,
uh,
I,
well he's a libertarian for for one.
I think libertarianism is a word,
only exacerbate the winner takes all society that we have at the moment.
We need to be doing the,
uh,
the opposite of that libertarianism would grant more power to the corporations
in this country and less,
uh,
what scares there,
the establishment and the Republican Party is,
he's an isolationist.
And so the military industrial complex,
and it was a great pace done recently that if Hillary is the nominee and rand
Paul's a nominee,
neo cons will vote for,
you know,
Neocon Republicans will vote for Hillary
because she's more hawkish than,
uh,
than Rand Paul is.
Whoa.
That would be crazy.
Could you imagine Dick Cheney advising people to vote for,
for vote for Hillary Clinton over Rand Paul?
He would.
Do you imagine a race of Hillary Clinton versus Ran Paul?
It would be the biggest landslide since Lbj.
Barry Goldwater 60.
You Think Hillary would win?
I think Hillary could almost win every state.
Whoa.
Hello.
Am I sweating?
Was the rice would hold people back from,
from voting for Rand Paul?
Well,
I,
well,
he's,
he's ideas,
you know,
uh,
or unproven except for Somalia,
number one.
Uh,
I think that a lot of things are going to come back to haunt him.
He doesn't believe in the Civil Rights Act.
He believes that private property trumps everything.
Uh,
you know,
he's,
he,
you know,
there's a great video of human,
he's asked,
well,
do you believe in the civil rights sec?
Well,
I don't know,
but I kind of think it was a good thing.
But I also think private property owners and restaurant owners have the right
not to serve.
He didn't use the word blacks where they have the right and said black people
that don't want to,
you know,
so,
uh,
so I,
you know,
I,
I think he'd be a disastrous candidate.
Um,
very cold water that the same people who voted for Barry Goldwater,
the same people that vote for Rand Paul.
And,
and we saw what happened to Goldwater Americares is that's not where America is.
America is a sin and left country.
Not if the people tree love his dad.
Huh?
People love his dad.
Well,
what,
why well to do people love these dead,
you know,
he's a bit,
he's in New York,
confederate.
I mean,
you know,
and Rand Paul is in the confederate.
I mean a,
he's a,
you know,
regularly speaks at sons and confederate meetings.
I mean,
it's all about nullification,
states' rights.
It's uh,
you know,
uh,
what one state,
what does it state rights means?
That means these countries,
they Stites can,
uh,
you know,
ban abortion,
uh,
denied black people the right to,
to 10 restaurants.
You know,
coloureds only
it means they get it allowed gay marriage.
They can allow people to smoke marijuana.
They can allow people to do a lot of things that,
you know,
the federal government does not allow.
Yeah.
It's not entirely a negative thing.
Like the idea of states' rights.
Yup.
Yeah.
You're not interventionist foreign policy,
which is a good feeling.
Um,
yeah,
I'm for that.
I think ramp Ron Paul had some very good ideas.
It's definitely a wacky old dude,
but who's not,
you know,
how many old dudes get stay alive and especially in the world of politics,
get to be that old and just don't have utter disdain for the established system.
Yeah,
yeah.
I mean that there's this whole thing that we've been doing from the beginning of
time of profiting off of sending young men to death for things that they don't
understand,
you know,
sending over them to fight and foreign lands for some cause that they,
they're not gonna,
they don't know what they're doing.
They're too young.
They're too young to see the hustle.
I mean that's the,
that's the oldest trick in the book as far as like the,
and that was
one that Ron Paul stood very firmly against and he was one of the few people
that was doing it right or left.
I'm,
I'm with Ron Paul and Rand Paul when it comes to military and I'm,
we've both of them when it comes to the dry ending,
the drug war,
but you know,
thinking that,
uh,
Ron Polo,
Rand Paul is good for America because they're antidrug an antiwar is like
thinking of big Mac is good for you because it has led us in a pickle.
What is good for America though at this point in time when you,
well,
we've clearly established that you've got massive amounts of money.
That's what financing politics.
But what is it good for?
America is what has already worked in the past.
And what has worked in the past was FDRS new deal.
And that is socialism.
Americare came out of the gilded age.
We went into the biggest economic crisis America has ever seen.
We implemented social reforms,
economic reforms,
political reforms,
and from the end of World War Two,
1980 we built the great American middle class where we built the most prosperous
middle class the world has ever seen.
We put a man on the moon.
We built the interstate highway systems.
We had the GI bill.
We had free education with Accenture to catch to education.
We established Medicaid with the great society and say Laverne and Shirley.
Yeah,
good shit happen in,
in,
well,
you know,
my dad lived in America for 10 years during the 60s.
His generation during that time,
just the husband just,
you dad worked and you still had enough to afford a mortgage and have two cars.
Now both husband and my dad and mother have to work.
They can barely keep their head above water.
They're saddled with debt with no way out.
And that's the world we live.
We have to go back to,
uh,
to that area and we have to put in social,
economic and political reforms,
which,
uh,
redistribute the wealth from the top back to the middle.
And then how would you do that?
It's like if someone came to you,
you have all these radical ideas,
you've written books about it.
If someone was running for President Elizabeth Warren or who else,
whoever it is that reads your stuff,
what would you implement?
I mean,
how,
how would you fix this and in a reasonable way that makes sense.
Well,
yeah,
number one is the tax cut because you know,
uh,
where,
where their,
their denial of,
of tax revenue to the federal government is extreme at the moment.
That's why,
you know,
we said early America doesn't have nice things is because corporations are
contributing the lowest percentage of the overall revenue to the federal
government.
So,
but if you contribute more money,
where's that money go to dictate where that money?
Well,
first of all is you're building an infrastructure.
I mean,
infrastructure is falling apart in this country and spending money on it's back
goes back to Keynesian economics,
which has worked in the past.
And we'll work again.
We have to build bridges,
we have to build highway systems,
we have to build higher speed railway that create jobs and that creates markets
in,
in new economies.
Um,
we have to,
uh,
build up the middle class and the working class.
We have better labor reforms.
We've,
we've gone from,
you know,
from the moment and Reagan destroy the unions will suck the air traffic
controllers in 1981 we've gone from America protected by collective bargaining,
went from something like 35% to 7% today in every social democratic country like
Australia and Scandinavia and western Europe,
upwards of 85% of the populations that covered by collective bargaining.
So the workers have a say or a shared prosperity,
you know,
from,
from 1954 to 1979,
there are productivity gains was shared equally between corporations and the
working class.
Today only 12% of the gains are shared to the working class and middle class.
So we have to,
that comes through the tax code.
It comes for a labor reform,
um,
uh,
access to healthcare and education and so forth.
Do you trust the federal government to do the appropriate thing with the new
taxes?
Like save?
We did reform the tax code and we'd say,
if we did change the contributions that corporations are forced to make,
do you really trust the government as it's in place right now with all of its
glorious and competence to redistribute that money and do a good job with it?
Well,
it's,
you know,
people will say,
oh,
well,
you know,
government always does a shitty job.
Cooperation's 90% of corporations file in their first five years.
So government is not a perfect,
perfect solution or a perfect be all to end all.
But there has to be a balance,
uh,
where,
you know,
and when we have that in other countries,
what is capital investment,
but also public investment in public,
in public investment or liberalism,
liberalism was never meant to be a left wing thing.
Liberalism was always meant to be a counter veiling power to capitalism where
capitalism,
full short liberalism was supposed to pick up the slack and protect the
downtrodden and the paper at the things that people,
that capitalism leaves behind and you need public investment to,
to fund those initiatives.
I,
there's always going to be Weist that's just part of the potluck for reverie
cylindra that you have.
You're gonna have Tesla,
you know,
and,
and people in the Republican,
we'd like to bash government spending on the fag or cylinder,
but they also forget the government funding is my test or an enormous success.
Do you think that a part of what's going on now with the Internet that this
access to information would also deter at least a certain percentage of waste
because people will be more responsible for it because it'd be more transparent
than ever before?
Well,
the stimulus,
the stimulus was the greatest public stimulus program in US history since FDRS
new deal.
But it was also the most transparent spending of public spending with ever seen.
I mean the,
the federal government put up a website with every vendor and contractor and
that,
the details of that available for anyone to say,
I mean,
the waste of that stimulus,
which wasn't enough,
the size of the stimulus should have been double the $800 billion at it was,
um,
it worked.
It added two points to GDP,
created a,
you know,
a x amount of million public sector,
private sector,
uh,
jobs,
but it was transparent.
I don't know how much more transparent it can be even ever say you never to
eliminate waste.
Totally.
But the offside today it is,
is a,
it's filled by the private sector and,
and you,
the,
the alternative is Reagan's Holy Trinity,
you know,
a monopolization,
um,
uh,
day deregulation and privatization and you know,
that's great.
A waste there and more crony capitalism.
Then you have on the other side,
certainly with deregulation,
that's scary shit that people would want that.
I think that would be a good idea.
Well,
here's the reason why regulations are in place.
It's just to keep them from running a muck with natural human instincts of
conquering natural human instincts of deception.
You know,
this is just natural things that you have to guard against with laws.
And that's a big corporations and not concern of the common good.
It's just a profit motive.
And it was machine.
Yeah.
And it,
it was Clinton who deregulated Wall Street wear glass steagall and that led to
the chain of events which collapsed the entire fucking universe in 2008 dirty
Clinton.
And we haven't had one except for Dodd frank,
which is a pissy effort to regulate Wall Street.
Went back to the same place we were leading up to the days of the crash.
And I white.
What do you think the people that thought that they should let the banks fail?
Like that's a,
the Peter Schiff idea.
Quite a few people.
Ron Paul believed that as well.
The film bail out the banks.
Yeah,
the former Fed chairman Paul Volcker believed the same thing.
What do you think about that?
Well,
you know,
I've,
in my uninformed opinion in it,
there's,
this is great book called the confidence men and uh,
it's really,
uh,
an insight,
his account of the Obama White House in the first four years.
And then obviously as he came into office,
he was dealing with the biggest economic catastrophe America seen since the
Great Depression.
And he was listening to all the ideas going forward.
There was TMA in TB.
Team B was the likes of Larry Summers.
And Tim if he'd gotten a,
uh,
and pull Ruben who was a Clintonite in TMA,
was Paul Volcker and so forth.
Paul Volcker and TMA believed in letting him fail,
totally get rating of the this debt leverage,
uh,
vehicles that have created this fictitious wealth and fictitious products.
And the end of Obama went with team B,
the Larry Summers who were there protect her,
protect the status quo of Wall Street and you'll have these Wall Street bankers
led to CEO of Bank of America saying,
thank God,
you know,
team B was chosen,
was a,
we've never be back to where we were,
where if we had to let Wall Street file,
I don't know enough to be able to give a quantified opinion what today would
look like.
The arguments that you hear while we had to prop them up to,
uh,
to avoid an even bigger cat cat,
cat,
cat history,
catastrophe,
same valid as well.
So,
you know,
I don't know,
do you look at the future of this country and think it's going to work out or do
you look at it and say,
I'm going back to Australia in about 10 years when the shit hits the fan,
I think it's almost too light.
Too late.
Yeah.
I think where we are today,
what it,
this is what America is going to look like.
Have you seen the movie?
Uh,
illicium we've met Damon.
Yes.
That's what America is gonna look like.
Well,
everyone is going to live in a gated community and space.
So the rich people were retired behind data communities.
They'll be able to,
for goods and services which are rest can afford and the rest of America is
going to leave in a crime riddled a society with no public infrastructure and
services,
which uh,
you know the ritual have,
you know,
there'll be no middle class,
which is what third world countries look like really rich top and are really
poor bottom and nothing in the middle.
But you're fond of statistics.
Yeah.
Don't we have a lower crime,
lower murder rates than ever
before.
[inaudible] matter rights,
uh,
falling from the height of the,
the,
the 1980s
Gago yeah.
They love the Chicago fucking up the whole curve.
Yeah.
Bomb town,
goddammit.
Yeah.
Ramming Mag and a total niche.
People in Chicago,
man,
don't like Obama.
It's amazing.
Black woman in Chicago was in the news the other day saying he's the worst
president we've ever had.
Yeah.
Wow.
A black woman.
Well,
western Bush,
that's something up
worse than Bush.
Yeah.
I don't know about all that,
but no,
I mean,
if you're a whistleblower,
he's the worst.
Yeah.
Nobody's the West.
But when you see those statistics,
those numbers,
yeah.
What makes you think that it's going to get
well,
I mean,
it crime.
Have you,
you have you read freakonomics?
No.
Okay.
I mean,
it's great book,
Freakonomics and makes a,
uh,
you know,
Carla,
causation doesn't improve.
Your correlation,
doesn't prove causation,
but they make it very,
a strong argument that the only reason that violent crime has fallen in this
country is because of Roe v Wade,
Roe v Wade abortion,
you know,
basically destroyed a whole generation of potential criminals.
Um,
you know,
we cause it poor communities,
don't have access to abortion.
It's so crazy.
I mean it's,
yeah,
this got racist underpinnings that finding but
deep,
deep way.
It's so fucking harsh to get behind.
But when you look at it scientifically,
if you have just the data to analyze,
it's really,
yeah.
Yeah.
And uh,
but violence is one is,
you know,
is one aspect that really,
I mean,
what future is there in America where education becomes unaffordable,
where those who graduated a saddled with debt that can never get out of,
um,
and warehousing becomes unaffordable and where there's,
and I will paying jobs,
we have stagnant wages where you have a,
a country where income has been totally redistributed to the wolf with a share
of income is,
you know,
it's what the top 1% used to get 12% of the income.
Now the top 1% gets something like 37% of the income in this country.
You know,
you're,
you're creating this massive underclass.
We have no way out.
So you're saying we need more abortions?
Yeah,
that's what I'm hearing.
Well,
some people ask me if I'm waiver,
you know,
uh,
they obviously know I'm liberal.
They asked me if I'm a pro choice and I say,
no,
I'm not pro choice and pro abortion.
That's a big deal.
Sure.
Well,
I wish it did involve killing a fetus.
The reality of what abortion is is
something that people don't want to discuss.
I've had these conversations with people who are liberal and uh,
just when you talk about it flat objectively,
no dot.
No ideology attach what is going on?
Well,
there's a,
there's a person that's growing in a body and we snuff it out.
And at what point in time is it okay to snuffing out?
I mean,
it is that,
that's what it is.
I mean,
is it okay a weekend?
Yeah,
it's bunch of cells.
Is it okay?
Six weeks in,
things don't get squirrely.
You start getting squirrely when you see fingers.
He started seeing ahead and little feat.
It starts having a heartbeat.
When's it a person?
It's only a person was born really?
So at nine month old baby that hasn't been born yet,
you can reach in,
suck that baby out with a vacuum.
And that's groovy man.
Well,
when is it,
when it's viable outside the womb?
I mean it's,
it's very well they get in,
they get thrown.
Is it,
is it viable?
And then you write in the right and SAS the equation as well.
Oh sure.
Yeah.
I mean,
so,
and isn't one of those things like many things in this world where there isn't a
clean cut,
black or white,
there are many,
many shades of gray.
And I,
you know,
and I,
I,
I'm believing,
I joke about my pro abortion calling,
but the,
uh,
how dare you,
they joke about something so important.
Yeah.
I mean,
it's a very emotionally it contentious minefield are riddled,
you know,
one that women,
rightly so,
take umbrage with men being able to decide what they can and can't do with their
body.
I'm not trying to decide and I most certainly am pro choice as far as how I
vote.
But when I look at the reality of what an abortion is,
I,
it disturbs me that because of ideology and because of the stance that they take
left or right,
that people will argue against the reality of what an abortion is.
And I think when you do that,
you'd do a disservice to the topic.
Sure.
It's a tricky situation and you're killing babies.
I mean,
there's no way abortion is a tragedy no matter which way you cut it.
You're then have to deal sensibly with the tragedy that,
and unless you had a one night stand with a crazy bitch and she says,
don't worry,
I'm getting an abortion and then it's fine.
Amanda.
Or if you're listening dot Colby time to party.
Yeah.
Um,
I wish it was a better way.
You know,
wish she was a way that you could immediately,
you know,
there was really,
I have a joke about this,
that it should be a better way to make people than sex.
I mean,
at one point in time,
maybe that's what the aliens are all about because when you see the aliens,
they're always sexless.
Right.
They always have the smooth bodies and they have no muscles because they use
their brains to move things around.
They probably got to a certain point in time and they realize,
listen,
we're not going to evolve unless we get rid of these animal instincts to breed
and conquer and dominate.
And the only way we're going to move to this really Utopian society concept that
everybody has.
You know,
we,
the gradiations the steps away from being an animal,
from being violent Predator to being some enlightened being somewhere along the
line you're going to have to get rid of sex.
Well,
you can a Jackie light into a baker.
But I mean,
I don't mean to brag.
That's really hard to get it in there.
I'm saying hitting the walls and through genetic manipulation would be produced
through cloning.
We produced.
Yeah,
I mean we're already doing that.
If we could all become Unix,
I think the world would be a better place.
I'm not saying that sex is bad.
Sex is awesome.
The,
the,
the sexual differences between men and women.
Men and women are a fascinating dynamic that I think fuels passion and poetry
and light,
not poetry.
I never fuck a read poetry on,
you know what I'm talking about art.
There's a lot of good to that struggle.
There's a lot of great things that come out of struggle,
but there's also the reality that if you had to extrapolate from here forth from
where we are to what we used to be.
If you believe in evolution,
if you're one of them,
if you want to go back to the times where we were fucking living in caves and
fighting off t rex or whatever the hell was going on and extrapolate that a
thousand years in the future,
10,000 years,
the future,
at some point in time,
the elimination of sexual urges might be imperative.
Yeah,
I mean it's a,
that's how most base or agenda,
you know David Suzuki a environmentalist set up best.
He said as advances,
we become technologically and if you look at the infant,
we created this information superhighway and we fought.
This is going to change the world and change your university.
Yet 85% of the content and they was pulling the five.
Is it that high?
I don't know.
I might've made another statistic.
I'll bet it's high.
It think it's pretty high.
We've looked at it before.
I think there's varying numbers,
but I think I heard that then.
I actually,
the number,
it was a,
I think it was 65% I think I might have added to it to for graduate emphasis
37.
Let's,
let's find out right now what percentage of the Internet is porn?
Here we go.
What are you going to say?
60 60%.
Okay.
What?
Uh,
of the Internet.
Okay.
Let's find out here.
How much of the Internet is actually porn on Forbes?
It says,
don't make me click some shit to continue to the next site.
Goddammit.
Yeah,
probably you porn.
Not that I know what that is.
That's a bad place.
Um hmm.
It says,
okay.
In 2010,
13% of web searches were for erotic content.
Only 4% of the top million websites.
Huh?
So 4% but the was the volume.
This fucking,
they're fucking around with numbers here.
Give me the volume bitches.
They're not giving me the volume right off the bat.
That's not this one.
Forbes is hiding information.
Goddamn elitists.
Web Porn.
Just how much is there?
37% that was right.
Yeah.
If I a 7% yeah,
I swear it is 37% that was the number 30 per seven.
7% of the Internet is made of pornographic material,
man.
That's,
wow.
It's still high.
That's pretty high.
Yeah.
Nutty.
According to estimates from a Scandinavian research,
90% of all the data the human race has ever produced has been generated in the
past two years.
Whoa.
Wow.
That's,
wow.
That is fucking banana.
That's crazier than porn.
I can jerk off to 90% of the date of the human race has ever produced,
has been generated in the past two years.
Wow.
Well,
how much of that is just bullshit on Twitter and
I couldn't try remember reading something like that.
Something like 80% of man's knowledge,
everything that man knows has been acquired since 1969 the year we landed on the
moon.
That's always possible.
It's always thrown about.
How could that be possible in the Bible is 2000 years old.
You don't know what the fuck you're talking about sun ever.
That's weird.
Everything we know is from 1969 Ford is that,
but it's sort of been,
yeah,
it must be 80 odd percent.
That makes sense.
Cause it's everything is built upon,
you know,
the,
the mean you needed the infrastructure of a hunting.
You know,
you needed the people to figure out the combustion engine for them to figure out
the electric car.
What was only a hundred a hundred years before that.
We forward if someone had the flu,
I meant that would demonically possessed.
Yeah.
Um,
does the numbers are pretty crazy when you look at 90% of all the data over two
years,
what is it going to be two years from now then when you look at that exponential
increase in technology?
I'm,
I'm hopeful.
You know,
I don't think that you or your vision of Elysium is going to come to pass.
I'm,
but I'm an optimist,
you know?
Are you an optimist?
Are you a pessimist?
Aye.
She lost friends.
I'm a glass half full kind of guy.
Uh,
and uh,
I mean I have the advantage of,
of,
of being here and I know when,
when things really do it get to the shit.
I just got them
plan to get back to us,
strike up where we have universal health care.
I really don't trust and pensions and social security and so he can't be
president.
[inaudible] son of a bitch.
Uh,
I'm,
I'm pessimistic.
Uh,
uh,
until uh,
the lube liberal class in his country becomes a force again.
Um,
because there is no counter veiling power to capital in this country at the
moment
until the liberal class becomes a force again.
What are the detriments though of having liberals in control?
Well,
pussies.
That's what the Dutch,
the fucking alcaide is going to come over here and kick our ass.
A bunch of panty waist running this land.
How are you Jay?
You were Clinton love blowing shit up.
You know,
only blue shit up when he get caught getting blowjobs.
That's it.
He really like blowing shit up.
Remember that?
Oh yeah.
Son of a bitch.
Of all the women he could have had.
He probably had a lot of them.
It is.
We found out about a mouthy fat girl
in more ways than one.
I mean,
didn't he supposedly Bang Elizabeth Hurley?
Do you see all those photographs that came out recently?
Oh really?
Oh this one.
Look at him and her looking at each other.
But you know,
you just know.
But she's a good girl.
She keeps a secret.
A lover.
What did,
she is actually a engaged to one of Australia's greatest cricketers ever.
Really?
I Shane Warne.
How old is she?
I ain't going to get,
she's early forties hanging in there,
Huh?
Yeah.
Barely.
Yeah,
tooth and claw.
I'd do her.
Would you really?
How dare you do that Mormon broad too.
He just horny man.
Goddammit.
So you,
but what are the,
what are the negative aspects of liberals?
Well,
you know,
nothing is a solution.
You know,
there's no one size fits all,
obviously.
Right.
And you know,
I've,
I think that countries struggle for,
we've trial and error.
I think that,
you know,
what's happening in Australia,
in Germany,
and I said,
these is not pure liberal societies at all.
They've,
it's a balancing act always between liberalism and capitalism.
Um,
and I think there's countries that juggle two balls better at the moment.
It's so lopsided in the fire of Capitol,
capitol,
Trump's politics.
Um,
you know,
that it's,
from 19,
you know,
it all started in this country,
and not to get too historical,
but,
uh,
justice pal,
wrote a memo,
um,
when Nixon was in the White House and said that the sleeping giant in American
politics is a,
is the CEO of America.
And from that point on,
that memo turned into the,
the greatest migration of a Wall Street lobbyists for what?
Migration from Wall Street to Washington.
And,
and today you have something like 50 odd thousand lobbyists in Washington and
have the years of politicians.
So,
uh,
liberalism has an our chance.
And again,
if liberalism had a chance,
we would have had universal healthcare when the Democrats had unilateral control
the Congress.
But we didn't,
we ended up with a,
a very capitalistic solution,
uh,
to a health care problems.
But what would fuck up if liberals ran things?
Will it be the real big issue?
Well,
what fucked up when FDR was empowered for all those years so long ago,
there's a different world that's like talking about it and culture that's,
you know,
aboriginal culture that had some sort of collective government and comparing it
to ours.
It's so different.
Some of my friends are aboriginals.
I'm sure there's a log with your gay friends,
you Christian.
I mean,
what,
what would be the negative,
I mean,
would there be any negative,
any weakening of this great nation by having,
uh,
like a real liberal idealist?
Yeah.
Well,
I mean,
you've got to give it a go or die.
You've got to go back.
You've got to go back to what's worked and liberalism has worked or it's a
proven success in a free market.
Capitalism hasn't worked in this country.
We know at a trickle down economics hasn't worked.
Again Kansas if the need you,
George Bush came into Pat George,
Bill Clinton,
a Rice Texas on the rich three times created 23 million jobs.
George Bush,
you know,
came into power putting the biggest tax cuts on the wealthy since World War Two
and had a net loss of one main jobs.
Not including even if taking out the years of the great recession and the great
crash at a consideration.
We see it happening in Kansas,
that free market capitalism,
trickle down economics mantra just has been an abject failure wherever it's been
tried.
So is it liberalism going to be the perfect answer?
No,
but there has to be some,
some measure where we,
the corporate state is putting in control.
But if you did Vincent liberalism gets into power and then you know,
this sort of antiwar sentiment gets firmly put into place.
What do you do about the vacuum that's created in these a hundred different
countries where we have military presence.
If FDR was a liberal and we went into World War II,
right,
but there was a different world,
right?
I mean,
wasn't in a different world.
Not really.
I mean,
we know he's no terrorists.
It was clear enemies.
We were drafting the Nazis and you know,
there was,
it was sort of a different time.
Well more clearly defined.
The Middle East is no problem in the Middle East that's going to be solved with
military intervention.
I may in Iraq is purely a political situation and you're not going to quell the
violence by putting,
look,
we couldn't stop an insurgency in Iraq when we had 150,000 troops on the ground.
Now with sending height hundred military advisors,
what the fuck is that going to do?
So,
you know,
Syria,
you're not going to stop it unless you know these,
these borders were redrawn.
So if isolationism,
uh,
you could argue,
well,
it,
how's isolation isn't gonna hurt when there is no military solution days.
Today's a geopolitical problems.
Well,
the idea of the military solution is the suppression.
If we're not solving it,
at least we're suppressing the power from gathering steam and forcing them.
You know,
there was some situation where they could collectively formed some large
threatening group that were dissipating that in some sense by our military
presence in these countries that are our foot on their neck is what keeping them
from growing large and then fighting over there so you don't have to fly it over
here.
So we're going to have freedom over here.
I mean that's the logic behind it,
right?
Yeah.
But we couldn't do with 150,000 troops.
So how,
so how many trips do you want to keep in these countries?
For how long does it become like an endless occupation and all are in every hot
spot around the world?
Well,
I mean,
I don't think that's a good idea,
but it seems to be what it is.
Yeah.
I mean it seems to be what we're doing.
Well not well.
I think Obama's,
I mean you look,
you look at all the geopolitical issues which come up in the last few years,
everything from Syria to Olivia to Russia to now Iraq.
The Republican's have plated Obama to get military involved in all four of these
situations.
Three of us situations aren't even in the news anymore.
And we would have had a military foresee.
Um,
so you know,
I think the,
the Obama doctrine for lack of a,
you know,
I,
I know he doesn't like calling Obama doctrine.
It's working.
It's,
you know,
stand on the sidelines,
use proxies,
done,
put boots on the ground,
look for political situation,
political,
um,
uh,
avenues,
whether it's through sanctions or,
uh,
pressure on currencies and so forth.
These things work.
The reason Russia is withdrawing from the,
the eastern borders of Ukraine is because they sanctions have crippled the
oligarchs in Russia and they're putting turn,
putting pressure on Putin to,
to withdraw.
Has It really worked?
There's a lot of people that would argue it hasn't.
And then Obama's policies had been disastrous.
I mean,
there was an article in politico recently,
I don't know if you read it,
it was the man who broke the Middle East was this figure a,
this picture of a pensive Obama like looking old as fuck.
But if anybody's hit the wall like age while they've been in office,
that poor bastard who knows what kind of pressure and stress they must be under
to be in that position.
I mean,
I can't even imagine why anybody would want that.
But this guy,
Elliott Abrams,
wrote this article about the,
the policies and what,
what it's done to the Middle East and how fucked up things are.
Now.
A lot of people don't think that the policies work and they think that if
they've created more problems than they've solved.
Yeah.
Well,
I mean,
how's it,
we broke Iraq.
Uh,
I mean,
the Republicans like to be revisionist at the moment and say that things are all
rosy when we drew in 2008,
or is it our nine?
If things with,
there was a civil war raging,
they're still,
um,
and you know,
last year there was an on average 800 to a thousand Iraqis killed in terrorist
attacks each month.
Uh,
in that place,
the civil war's been raging.
Um,
putting military intervention doesn't solve that.
we have to,
we have to ava put pressure on the Iraqi government on Maliqi to,
uh,
to be more inclusive.
I mean,
we fucked the pooch when the day I,
you know,
I got friends who,
uh,
who worked a security contract is friends who worked for Global Corp,
who were in charge of monitoring the Green Zone during the early days of the
occupation in Iraq.
And I said,
after off the decide I'm statue fell in Baghdad,
you could walk freely without a sidearm even anywhere in Baghdad in those early
days.
But the main,
the minute that Bremner and Co and um,
uh,
deep Bafa sized or you know,
sec office out of the police force in the military,
that created a civil war.
From that point on,
now we put Maliki and POW or we endorse Maliki in the power and he's just
perpetuated that policy of,
you know,
she is only in the sewage.
Soon he's become the on the cloth.
So it doesn't matter how many people we put there,
it's not going to solve the problem.
What solves the problem?
How do we fix the world?
Dude,
we,
you know,
one of the problems with these conversations.
I love these conversations but I also hate them.
I love them cause they're fascinating.
They're stimulating,
but it certain point in time we have them and I go this,
we just see we didn't,
we're not getting anything done here.
Nothing's changing.
We just mentally masturbating and then leave and it all stays the same.
And there's intellectual
conversations always end up circular ladder.
I mean,
yeah,
if you're going to ask me if,
if to be a prick for a minute,
I would say the solution is we put in another heavy autocratic regime that
suppresses
lodged headspins the population.
Now Muslims,
again,
I'll be sending me death rates now,
but that's what America has done.
If you want peace in the Middle East and then we need to prop up autocratic
regimes,
it's different than any other part of the world because they're not countries in
the way that we
think of him as countries is artificial countries.
It's the same reason that Yugoslavia blew up because we told you the Bosnians
and the Croatians and the Serbs here,
here's your country.
Pretend to like each other get along and Galveston as a single country,
but there are different people.
Iraq is three different countries under one,
but we're telling them we've British borders to get along nicely and to,
uh,
to treat each other equally in a demic under a democratic government.
When in these countries,
I don't even know what democracy is.
Can they be taught?
I mean,
wasn't Iraq real country at one point in time?
there's some that argue that our rack,
that Baghdad hasn't been the same since Kingus Khan invaded and the 12 hundreds
that that fucked up,
that,
I mean they killed everybody in Baghdad and like 1220 or whatever it was.
And that the country is literally never right.
Recovered.
Yeah.
Well,
I mean,
if you want to involuntary,
you just go,
you get your draw a big circle and say let's she a stone and you draw another
big circling.
I say that Sunni Stein now getting your corners and state the fuck there.
And that's the end of it really.
But then they only gonna say,
you know,
I like it over there.
Yeah.
And then the Saudis and the Guy Go,
what?
We've got so much money and wealth,
we don't want to share it with anyone else in.
The Iranians are going to go,
well we have so much money and wealth,
we're not going to share with you.
They just Porsche your populations,
let Syria and uh,
you know,
in the south of Iraq,
isn't that going to be just another Israel Palestine type situation living right
next door to people you hate that look exactly like you.
Yeah.
I mean,
bottom line that region is fuck,
maybe we should just note the whole yeah,
courageous.
Put a massive burger king there.
I would go with in and out,
but I see what you're saying.
Yeah.
Fuck man.
That's the problem with these conversations.
They always hit this point where you go,
okay,
well what,
what,
what can be done?
And the answer is almost always does no answer.
Yeah.
And the only answer is asked to stay the fuck out of air and just put,
let you know our,
our ally there is one of the most oppressive autocratic regimes in the world,
Saudi Arabia.
Um,
you know,
if we don't support them,
the price of oil will have oil shock.
The American economy,
it would be doomed even more.
I mean,
we're,
we're sitting on such a precipice of potential disaster is ridiculous.
If the price of oil skyrockets,
Japan is fucked.
Japan is so dependent on US keeping US America keeping the price of oil down
because they have no oil of their own.
I mean,
oil guests scarred through the roof.
not only are we to have problems in the middle [inaudible] we're going to have a
worldwide catastrophe.
Right?
That's why we need fracking needs,
support Franken,
all these assholes that are worried about their wells getting poised and you go
to Walmart,
you buy your water like everybody else.
Do you get any hope at all when you see a situation like with what happened with
Syria where the United States at a press conference,
Obama got on television,
military action against Syria was inevitable.
Everybody just said,
fuck this.
The whole country collectively,
right and left was like,
get the fuck Outta here with this.
And then it went away.
Yeah,
he went away.
We have,
I mean,
do you remember that speech that speech seemed we were on the verge of war.
The Red Line space?
Yeah.
Where,
where,
where's it a short attention span.
Yeah.
We'll go just short attention spans.
But the government recognized that there was a huge resistance.
That might be the straw that breaks the camel's back.
That might give birth too.
Not just a occupy Wall Street,
but something global.
Something where people really did step in and say this,
you guys are fucking crazy and you guys are making the whole world a dangerous,
scary place and we're not buying it anymore.
Yeah.
And also again,
as Assad as big of a prick your ears.
Well,
what's the alternative is could be worse.
I mean,
you got foreign fighters,
Islamist groups that,
uh,
want to turn Syria into a theocracy.
Lisa side is bad as he is as a secularist,
you know,
and that's,
it wasn't Saddam Hussein.
A second set of the sign was a secularist.
Baghdadi,
Iraqi,
except for,
you know,
maybe a few excursions into Kurdistan,
kind of kept her rocking chair.
Big trouble.
What about the people that lived there and had to deal with is evil fucking
serial killer son.
Yeah.
Wow.
I mean you got death squads,
uh,
you know,
going door to door again now knocking on doors and there's the Sunni
neighborhoods dragging people off the street and executing them right now.
I mean,
unless you give these separate sex of uh,
uh,
Islam,
their own countries,
unless I can be formed,
you're never gonna solve the problem.
Yeah.
You will get rid of religion.
Mushrooms get these motherfuckers the same shit they were eating when they went.
The sacred mushroom in the cross.
Just the head drop.
Mtma gray it on him.
You know what we need for real?
The problem that we have such a fast food culture,
microwave instant download society.
We need like a psychedelic Taser.
We just instantaneously get enlightened.
We don't have time for you to take a mushroom and be reasonable for an hour and
20 minutes and then get the facts and then sort of containing,
we need to just Taser people.
Ah,
I was being a dick.
Just Zap 'em I've tried Mac and yet the minute I get out of the psychedelic
Taser,
you can,
I already set it online.
It's this live man.
Just like the new Laguna beach.
The Shit.
Why?
No,
why,
what are you talking about?
I don't know.
When we were talking about psychedelic tasers,
we need to go over there and just tase the shit out of everybody with some sort
of a DMT tasered I just a quick introduction to God.
Like you listen you guys Agent Orange airplanes.
I'm ma'am.
You just fill the skies was enlightenment.
I did.
Didn't look right.
It
rich just finished writing a great book that Breville would have a love and how
Laguna beach was the,
not that I live there.
The how is the center point for all the Best Ah,
Afghan a hash into America.
Yeah.
And uh,
they had this big concert,
I think it was in 67 out in the canyon of Laguna Beach.
I don't know where that is,
but that dropped this uh,
uh,
this cargo plane flew over this crowd.
20,000 people,
you know,
it's like a grateful dead concert and dropped acid all over the crowd and it
became like a five day concert.
I never knew this history,
the city or that lyric.
Well you know what that was
back in when people were experiencing this new psychedelic freedom.
The word Hash is such a strange word to,
because Hash in a lot of places gets considered as being much more illegal than
marijuana.
Much more means in a lot of countries.
In fact,
it can,
you can get put to death for ash,
but all it is is THC.
All,
all it is is sort of,
but not in the effects.
Have you ever smoke hash?
It's just a,
it's just a pure version of THC.
It's just a more potent,
but it's very similar in the ways to smoking marijuana.
It's just more,
more powerful.
That's all it is.
It doesn't do it.
It's not like heroin.
It's not like it's,
you know,
crystal meth or anything crazy.
It's just just hash.
I got an 18 year old son and uh,
you know,
I say he,
him growing up in Indonesia,
we're hedged,
which has the lowest tolerance of drug use,
probably anywhere in the world.
He's got a friend actually,
he went to jail for,
you know,
six months or just,
just,
you know,
when he was 16 at the time.
But just having one joint,
you're going to have one joint.
You can be Gel for 10 years if you're an adult.
And,
um,
and so all these friends in Indonesia,
he went out and go his medical marijuana card,
you know,
one of us,
the green doctor and Venice Beach,
right?
He's God.
And he puts it on Facebook and he says,
I get home delivery with my own way.
God bless America.
So he sees optimism here.
What were you doing in Indonesia?
Well,
I,
you know,
I only meant to live there for a year.
Um,
and then when you turn into 10 years,
I had a business in Australia,
which are sold,
uh,
at one together.
Indonesia,
uh,
you know,
had a bar there at one stage,
like a
brothel in Indonesia.
I didn't want to say bar.
Wow.
So,
uh,
so yeah.
And then I started writing full time when I was in Indonesia,
Indonesia.
So you're a real international traveler,
you've seen it from all around.
Yeah.
Kind of.
Well,
what propelled me into writing about religion was a,
I,
you know,
I sort of witnessed the o five a terrorist attack in Bali,
twin suicide bombs and Jim Brown beach will right there that night.
And that made me from a journalistic point of view,
really wanted to delve into what's in his religious texts,
which would make somebody a straps c four to themselves and blood themselves.
Let's move or rain in front of a crowded,
we'll weave in a crowded restaurant taking women and children with them.
So,
uh,
he just fucking put a somber note to the end of this podcast.
We want to talk about weight again.
No,
no.
I mean,
it's really is,
yeah.
All about the mechanisms of the human mind,
right?
That ideologies can allow people or give people the motivation to do some crazy
shit,
including things of their own selves and not just ideologies that are accepted,
establish ideologies like Islam or Christianity.
But like those,
those heaven's gate guys who cut their balls off and fucking wore purple Nike's
and waited for the spaceship behind the comment.
There's,
there's something about the human mind that is so easily influenced by an Alpha
or an idea or a message from a higher power,
whatever it is.
This something about the human mind.
It's so influenced.
That's a truly a dangerous but malleable thing.
We want to believe in something higher than ourselves.
You know,
that's,
you know,
that's human proclivity.
We want that.
But why is that?
Is there something higher than ourselves and we just haven't accessed yet?
Oh,
I think,
you know,
our highest sense of consciousness and you know,
as you said before,
we,
you know,
our ego can't let go of the fact that once we're dead,
we're dead.
I don't think are ready to go come.
Except the fact that we are really nothing more than a virus or a bacteria that
occupies the planet and a Iowa,
you know,
my,
people who do believe,
you know,
I never tried.
I'm not a an evangelical life.
Yes.
By any means and as a lot of a lot of those guys,
but I'm not.
But I always like if I'm going to give some sort of literature of than my own
books to,
uh,
to someone who's our religious,
it's Kyle Sagans Pale blue.
Dot.
I mean,
that really puts into perspective,
you know,
uh,
the mailing lists of,
of the human existence.
Yeah.
Have you ever been to the Keck observatory in the Big Island?
No,
I haven't.
I just got back.
I've been there once before the time I went before it was way better because I,
this time I went during the super moon and the moon was so big he couldn't see
Jack Shit.
Like you just saw the moon.
You didn't see any stars.
But the last time I went it was the moon was dark.
And you see the entire cosmos.
It's so fascinating because the Keck observatory is established in an area of
Hawaii that's above the clouds and the big island has certain diffused street
lights.
So it doesn't,
uh,
put up light pollution.
So when you're up there,
you get the full vision of the night sky and it's unbelievably,
unbelievably spectacular.
And also like,
uh,
it's very,
that word life changing gets used a lot for experiences that people have.
But my experience,
the first time I went,
which is I guess about nine years ago,
my first time going up there was truly life changing.
Like I looked up there and I saw the stars and I realize like,
we're on a planet,
a planet,
we're flying around in space.
We're just so preoccupied with her own bullshit that we forget that we're on
this planet and how small we,
uh,
yeah.
If we,
I think if we could see the stars a daily basis,
I think we would be a different attitude.
Slowly but surely,
I think people would establish a different attitude.
It's just this sheer humility that comes with looking at the stars.
Just gazing up at that thing,
you know?
And just if you want to look for a greater power,
or do you want to look for a greater thing than us?
Just the,
just the vastness of the infinity that you're looking at is,
is enough.
Because when it's just black,
it's cheesy to ignore.
You look up,
you see a couple of dots.
Yeah.
Well,
the moon's out tonight.
This isn't,
you know,
you get back to your house and you watch fucking cardiac Sheehan's and fall
asleep with your socks on like a fucking idiot.
You know?
I mean,
it's too easy to do that.
It's too easy to fall into these traps.
I think people that are looking for something larger than,
than life itself,
it's right above us.
We're in it.
It's not even above us.
It's around us.
We're floating in it
and it's humbling.
And you know,
that makes your,
uh,
your earthly worries seem insignificant and puts things in perspective.
I think.
Well,
that was the Reagan speech.
Remember that Reagan's speech we talked about,
uh,
how quickly we'd put our differences aside if we were being faced with a threat
from another planet.
Yeah,
that's right.
yeah,
yeah.
Boy,
the fucking Ufo nuts.
Love that.
Does Ufo nutters,
they claim to that one speech by this crazy old man who was probably suffering
from dementia and we didn't know well was he though in the end he was in the
Endi was,
but when you remember when those,
um,
Iran contra trials were going on?
They asked him,
yeah.
Like did you really sell arms to,
to Iran?
And he was like,
ah,
I don't remember.
I don't recall.
I remember that.
That was what he said.
I do not recall.
And they allowed him to get away with it cause he was an old man as the
strategy.
If he's son,
uh,
Ronald Reagan,
same link,
same night,
uh,
and his book about his dad,
he said,
yeah,
in the last two years,
uh,
he was in full mode,
dementia,
you know,
and uh,
probably the CIA,
CIA dosed him up with some crazy shit.
Keep them stupid.
I tell you,
just start a new conspiracy website somewhere.
Probably his son's gay too,
right?
It's like a ballet dancer.
And I think so,
I'm not sure what to show.
It's like a liberal talk show hosts and stuff like completely rebelled.
Yeah.
Although there's two sons.
There's one,
there's one,
here's the liberal wine is on torture and the other one is not.
He's a right wing lane.
Oh,
the other one that didn't the right wing loon.
No.
Didn't know his dad very well,
right?
That's correct.
Yeah.
What a mess.
Trying to fucking recapture the old glory.
It's so weird when I see people fall in love with the idea of what rhet Ronald
Reagan was the reminisce about the Reagan administration and with a great
president.
Reagan was,
and I've had these conversations with people.
I'm like,
what the fuck are you even talking about man?
You like doing a Disney movie of Ronald Reagan?
The mythology is incredible.
I mean,
he didn't low a Texas on the middle class,
so to Paul or anything like that,
he only writes taxes on the wealthy and sand the budget,
you know,
blew out the budget the next year and put the economy into a recession and then
had the raise taxes,
something like four or five times after that.
So the whole myth of him being a tax cutter and a job creator and so forth.
You know,
it's all steeped in mythology,
you know,
the,
and the big one,
of course,
his introduction of the political,
the to the political world of the religious right.
That was the big one.
That was a,
well,
if,
if it wasn't for them,
the Jerry Falwell's moral majority,
he would never have been president.
You know,
the Christian rights waived him into power.
Jerry motherfucking fall.
Well,
not crazy.
Yeah,
but wasn't it like Al Capone that made w who was it that uh,
no,
it wasn't al Capone,
but who was it that made a JFK president was also the Chicago mob.
Oh,
it was the Frank Sinatra Arfa.
Whoever the fuck it was.
Yeah.
I mean probably freak some ballots.
Southwest Chicago,
we only people when they're dead.
We really do.
We don't,
we,
we celebrate them when they're no longer with us.
That's it.
America.
It's America.
Fuck yeah.
When Jimmy Carter died,
she's going to be a Goddamn sane right now.
He gets maligned and misunderstood.
He's probably,
in my opinion,
the most philosophical and the most interesting former president ever.
Well,
here's something interesting.
When,
uh,
six months after Jerry Falwell was out of power,
his approval rating was 64% roughly.
You mean Ronald Reagan?
Jerry Falwell power.
Jimmy Carter.
Did I say to her?
What did you put it in my coffee?
Sorry.
Master too good.
How to dose yet to get the most out of Ya.
Yeah.
Know when Jimmy.
Yeah,
Jimmy Carter was a approval writing six months out of office with something like
64% uh,
Ronald Reagan's approval rating,
six months out of office was something like 42%.
Now Paul's on everything,
but they take a snapshot in time of,
you know,
the political winds.
Reagan wasn't a popular president when he left office.
It was only much later,
much later,
decades later,
decades later.
And that's two,
two administrations.
And look at,
look what's happening to push now.
Re Re,
re,
you know,
revisionism is I glossing over or trying to tarnish the toad.
There was bushes,
legacy.
Now you know,
the original Bush,
which is completely been glossed over.
Herbert Walker Bush.
And never hear a negative thought about that guy.
Nah,
he's a saint now.
Fucking guy was the head of the CIA.
Jesus Christ.
We're weird.
We're weird when we do that.
Yeah.
Well I haven't had conversations with people at Carter,
the weakest president ever and this and I'm like,
oh,
it's fucking,
it's stopped.
Ever listened to the guy talk.
He's very philosophical introspective guy.
Probably one of the most open,
honest,
introspective guys we've ever had as a president.
But Americans day where Americans are hostile to intellectuals.
I lucked up.
I like Americans to act on raw emotion and uh,
you know,
anger and fury can't we have both?
Can we have both?
Yeah.
No,
I think about foreign policy wise,
Obama has tried to be circumspect here and uh,
and to Fink with clarity before he acts.
Yeah.
But this whole NSA thing will be his legacy.
The Edward Snowden thing will be his legacy.
The,
you know,
the,
when you look at the hope and change website that they had in place before when
Obama was running for president and his established position of assisting
whistle blowers who are exposing crimes.
And then you look at what he's become,
you know,
look at what his legacy is.
It's,
it's,
that's,
that's really the,
exactly.
I know,
I often say when a,
you know,
when people ask in interviews and so forth,
how do you think of Bama will be remembered as a president and Ios side.
He'll just be remembered as slightly better than the alternative.
That's how his presidency be remembered.
And with that,
we're at a time that was an awesome three hours man.
What's that three hour flew by.
Wow.
That's incredible.
That's how it works over here.
Right.
And we do,
we're to get right into peak hour traffic.
We dose you up and we send you a,
I don't think we got anything covered.
I don't think we figured anything out.
I don't think.
But it was a lot of fun.
Thanks man.
I really appreciate it.
Thank you.
Thank you for having me.
And please go buy his books.
They're very highly rated and uh,
you can check them out on his website.
You could check them out on Amazon.
If you go to see j world.
Amen.
That's w e r l e M,
a,N on Twitter.
If you go to his Twitter link,
there's a link to his Amazon page and that Amazon page has crucifying America on
it.
It also has atheist,
can't be Republicans.
God hates you.
Hate pack.
Jesus lied.
He was only human,
all sorts of things to piss off anyone religious in your family.
Sent it to him for Christmas.
Hanukah,
your birthday.
Send it,
send people things for your birthday.
Say Happy Birthday to me and go fuck yourself.
Here's a book.
Read it.
It's by CJ world man.
You have a website to say,
Jay,
I'm in.com thank you very much man.
Really appreciate it.
It was a lot of fun.
Thanks Mike,
and thanks to our sponsors.
Thank you to legal zoom.com go to legal zoom.com and use the code word Rogan in
the referral box@checkoutforsavingsandthanksalsotostamps.com stamps.com use the
code word J,
r e.
When you click on the microphone at the top of the homepage,
type in j r e and get your $110 bone is over.
Thanks also to [inaudible] dot com go to o,
n n.
I.
T use the Codeword Rogan and save 10% off any and all supplements.
We'll be back in a little bit with the fight companion podcast that will air a
live,
um,
that coincides with the Fox sports one broadcast,
which is at seven o'clock tonight.
So until then,
much love big kiss.
See you soon.
Yeah.